ple and went on until he reached a group
of houses of poorer build. While his house
had tiles on the roofs and along the top of
the walls, this one was made entirely of
mud, and the ﬁat roof was of clay held to-
gether by straw. In the bright starlight he
could see the outline of the corn drying on
the roof. He did not go to the gate but
went around to the side of the small com-
pound, down a narrow street leading to
the outskirts of the village. There was a
big rock lying by the side of the road. He
picked it up, carried it over to the corner
and laid it against the wall. Stepping on
the stone, he could reach to the top of the
wall. With the ease of long acquaintance,
he stepped lightly into an almost imper-
ceptible niche in the rough stone and mud
and was over the wall in an instant.
He landed lightly in the court, but she
heard him and called, “It is you?” Her
light was still on. He liked the glow of her
paper windows. They always seemed to
shine more brightly and happily than any
others he knew. He wondered if it were
that she put fresh paper on more often,
or that she kept the glass chimney of her
little red kerosene lamp better polished.
The glow was welcoming and comforting
like the widow herself. He heard the bolt
of the house door slide and the door open.
She did not say anything as he entered the
common room, but he felt comfort and
peace pervade him. She pushed aside the
sewing she had been doing and made a
seat for him on the brick bed. Taking the
water pipe from the bureau, she ﬁlled it
for him. While he smoked, she blew up
the ﬁre under the cooking basin in the
common room. He could hear the wooden
clack of the lid to the air vent as it ﬁapped
with each pull, and the swoosh as the air
was released and blew upon the banked
coals.
He leaned against the wall at the end of
the bed and looked around the familiar
room. It was bare. The widow did not have
much furniture. There was the bureau.
The pair of vases on top had come with her
dowry. He realized they must be of little
value not to have been sold long since.
There was also the teapot and four cups
for the guest ceremony. The big cupboard,
with a box on top, at the end of the room
was the only other furniture, besides a
bench and a stool. The quilts folded at the
end of the bed were neatly piled and very
clean. With the sharpness of vision that
was his tonight, he knew that he had never
seen any griminess on the end cloths of the
quilts, nor on the slips tied over the pil-
lows. The matting on the bed was golden
brown with age but spotless. The room
was bare, but not bare like his own bache-
lor room at home. He wondered what his
room would look like with the red bridal
44 Fall 1979
paper on the windows and the red bridal
quilts piled against the wall at the end of
the bed. He wondered if that room would
ever have the warmth and comfort and
disturbing peace of this room.
The widow came in and took the teapot
and cups and soon returned with the
steaming drink. She poured a cup for him
and then, having gathered up her sewing
and laid the pallet and quilt on the bed,
she began to talk. She asked him about
the work in the ﬁelds, and she told him
little pieces of mild gossip she had picked
up in the village. It was comfortable talk
about the unimportant little things. She
did not mention the marriage that was
coming so soon. He wondered a little why
she did not, but did not wonder much.
She had never talked to him about his
home affairs.
He found himself studying her as he
had not studied her for years. She must
be around 40, he reﬂected, but the smooth
contours of her face were unchanged. Her
black hair was smooth and glossy. She was
perhaps a little heavier than she had been
when he had ﬁrst known her, six years be-
fore, but she was not fat. She was comfort-
able and desirable. He leaned toward her.
She looked up at him, and he felt himself
enveloped in a warm, fragrant wave.
But this night he could not get to sleep.
She slept as she always did, with her chin
against his shoulder. He could smell the
mingled fragrance of her hair and the rich-
ness of her ﬂesh lying soft under his hands.
Her full breasts pressed against him with
every breath she drew. He could smell,
in the quilt, the faint odor of the indigo
dye she had not been able to wash out
completely. He turned his head and saw
where the window was faintly outlined
by the starlight, and his eyes followed the
fretwork.
He began to think of the years he had
been coming to see the widow. Six, it was,
and he had never tired of her. If it were
three days or 30 since he had been there,
it was always the same. She welcomed him
gently, gave him the pipe, and served him
with tea. But there was always variety in
the sameness. She was always the same
and never the same. She seemed to know
how to make the well-known ways new
and exciting. He was content to sit and
watch the movement of her hands. He was
content to lie in her arms.
He thought of the ﬁrst time he had been
with her. Living in the same village, he
had often seen her. He had met her com-
ing and going about her business in the vil-
lage street. But it was in the autumn of the
year he was sixteen that he had ﬁrst known
her. Her husband had died in the late
spring, and since the crops had already
been planted, when it came to watching
them in the harvest time, she and her
small son had to do it. The next year she
had rented out the land, but this year she
had to tend the ﬁelds herself, or lose most
ofthe proﬁt. Some of the land of his family
lay next to hers. His father had sent him
out to watch their crops. He was a big boy
of sixteen, his father said, and it was time
he did his share of night watching.
As he walked in the evening twilight
toward his hut made of gaoliang stalks, he
passed her ﬁeld and her hut made also of
gaoliang. She was sitting in the front of
the hut, and her son was by her side. They
were eating their evening meal which she
had just brought to the child who had
watched all day. Teh Shan could smell the
fragrance of the fresh steamed millet bread
and cabbage soup with bean curd in it.
She was a good cook; involuntarily his
steps halted.
“Come and join us at our meal,” She
was always as simple as that. He did not
know then how rare this was, this great
simplicity. He knew that he had not met
it in his own home. He had been well
brought up and knew that he must decline.
“Thank you, Elder Sister, I have eaten.”
She reached into the back of the hut and
brought out another round mat of braided
rushes, which she placed on the ground in
front of her.
“]oin us.”
He made the conventional gestures of
refusal, but sat down and munched the
fragrant yellow bread and drank the soup.
He had eaten his own supper, but this was
better than the cold dry loaves his mother
called bread.
They ate in silence and when they were
ﬁnished, the widow took the two bowls
and the two pairs of chopsticks and laid
them in a basket with the cloth that had
wrapped the bread and the big bowl that
had held the cabbage soup. Only then did
he notice that there had been no third
bowl nor third pair of chopsticks.
“Oh,Idid not see thatltook your bowl.”
“I had ﬁnished.”
They sat in silence for a while. The soft
night air bathed them in comfort. It was
a melon ﬁeld they were watching, and the
smell of ripe green things came up with
sharp fragrance.
He felt a tension in the air. Comfortable
and content he did not stir. At last the
child spoke.
“Mother, you will not go home and
leave me. I am afraid to stay alone at night.”
“But you promised. You are a man of
ten.”
Tears sprang to the child’s eyes and
rolled down his cheeks. “I am afraid.
Don’t leave me.”
“There are people in the huts nearby.
Teh Shan will not be far away. You can

