l
1
l
1
t
l
t
call to him if you are frightened." But the
child cried on. She looked down at him
and, suddenly seized with the realization
of how small he was, she said, “I’ll stay.”
Peace descended as suddenly as though it
had been dropped from heaven. The child
lay back in the hut and was instantly
asleep.
Teh Shan sat on. Through the gloom
he could see his own hut in the next ﬁeld.
him that she had seen him and knew that
he did well. And he told her of the meet-
ings of the young men on the threshing
ﬂoors and in the temple courts, and of
their rites and exercises, and she listened
as no one had ever listened to him before.
Gradually they fell silent. He leaned
against the framework of the hut, and his
shoulder brushed her arm. The night had
become colder and he was wearing only a
“é-Ta.
Drawing by Byrd.
There was no need to go immediately. The
widow began to talk. She talked of the
small things of their lives, of the yield of
the crops, of the celebration of the clan
festival, of the sacred societies and his part
in them, of the new merchant who had
come to town, ofthe twins born in the vil-
lage, of the spirits that live in the village
and the ﬁelds. She talked of the simple,
everyday matters, and she listened to him
when he talked. He expanded and talked
much. He told her of his prowess in the
ﬁelds and in the folk dances, where he had
just been initiated into the sacred club of
those that wield the quarter staff. She told
t
4-H-
if-I
UT
 .";**_;\_
.l.£
":~_.vEP§§§Y-’»"
.._........ A
light cotton coat. He shivered. He felt her
turn and look intently at him. Then she
laid her hand on his shoulder and bent
over him. Instinctively, he put his hand
on her breast and moved closer. Her arm
tightened around him. She half-turned,
pushed the sleeping child into the inner
part of the hut and drew Teh Shan in with
her.
Before dawn she wakened him and told
him to go to his own hut. All through the
harvest time he came and lay with her each
night. He grew in stature and in grace so
that the family noticed it and spoke of it,
and the villagers teased him, but no one
knew the reason for the change in him.
Not then, at least. Later they came to
know, when it had become an established
thing. Then , when harvests were over and
he was afraid that he would not see her,
she told him he might come when he
would, and there would always be a wel-
come for him. Then he had found the big
stone and the low wall, and she had con-
sented. The village knew by now. But as
they never paraded their relationship,
were good neighbors, did their work and
minded their own business, and also be-
cause she was poor and without near rela-
tives, the villagers let them alone. They
told their children that such actions were
not seemly, but the villagers were human.
They felt that the life of a widow was not
an easy one, and the relationship kept Teh
Shan from mischief.
His uncle, his mother’s brother, who
ran a grain shop in a city in Manchuria,
was the only one who had ever spoken to
him about her. He had urged Teh Shan,
during one of his rare visits home, to come
with him to Manchuria, to the land of op-
portunity, where a young man of vigor
and ability could make his fortune. Dur-
ing that visit, he had taken Teh Shan with
him to the district city, 30 li away, when
he went to strengthen his connections
with the shopowners of his home province.
He had taken the young man with him to
a party where the merchants feasted to-
gether. They had singsong girls to enter-
tain them. One sat on the bench beside
Teh Shan and made shameless love to
him, to the glee of the older men and to
the great embarrassment of Teh Shan.
They had gone to a brothel where they had
sat drinking tea with those butterﬂies of
women who scared him more by their ad-
vances than they attracted him. He was
thankful that his uncle had told him that
nothing was expected of him on the ﬁrst
visit. And he was glad his uncle told him
to stay by the widow, since he could not
go with him to Manchuria. Those women
were beautiful but in a strange, polished
way.
He wondered how the widow’s son was
getting on with his uncle. Teh Shan knew
it was good of his uncle to want him to join
his business, but he liked the country bet-
ter than the city and he had the home and
farm to take care of. Perhaps when his
brother was old enough to manage the
farm, he would go to his uncle. At any
rate the widow’s son would not get enough
money as a small apprentice to go out at
night. Teh Shan was glad he had been able
to do this for her - set her son into such
a good way of life. And as the child grew
older, it was more convenient to have him
away.
Teh Shan heard the watchman beating
New China 45

