father was not a farmer but ran a store,
so she was free to help her relatives; and
also harvest time was a gay time in the vil-
lage. He would never forget the way she
looked when he ﬁrst saw her. She and the
other women and girls were picking the
heads off the short stalks of the wheat ~
the stalks that had fallen out of the bun-
dles cut by the great chopping knife. She
was sitting cross-legged on a mat beside a
pile of golden straw that made a bright
background for her shining black hair, as
smooth as a metal hood on her head. A
long black braid hung down her back. He
remembered thinking ﬁrst what beautiful
heavy hair she had, and that her coat was of
different stuff from that worn by the maid-
ens of his village. Then she had turned,
and he had felt his blood pound. She had
a little round face with a dimple, a tiny
wine cup, in either cheek when she smiled.
Her eyes were long ﬂashes of black crystal
above the high red mounds of her cheek-
bones. She smiled at the other women,
and he saw the rows of white teeth be-
tween the red lips that were like two bows
ready to shoot the arrows of her words.
He stood staring at her. He completely
forgot where he was. He stared so hard
that his father cuffed him over the ears
and said, “For shame,” and sent him to
help the men at the great cutting knife
on the other side of the threshing ﬁoor.
But he watched and every chance he got
he looked at her. He felt he was ready to
die for her. She saw him watching and
looked away and then, as if she thought
better, she looked at him. His knees turned
to water and he sat down. As he watched
she took a basket of wheat heads and went
to empty them into the bin. He thought
she beckoned him with her chin. He went
around the high pile of straw, around to
the other side. She was there, standing
with one hand on the matting wall of the
bin and the other holding the basket.
There was mischief in her eyes, and her
whole face was alight like the sun shining
after a day of rain. What she said was com-
monplace enough, but it was like the mu-
sic of the bamboos and of the birds in their
midst.
“You are First Uncle’s son?” Then, as
he had nodded speechlessly, she had
leaned over and touched him on the arm.
“I think you are a clever boy.”
Then she had turned and run away, for
they both heard their elders coming.
He had never seen her again, for she had
married the next year into a village on the
other side of her own village, further away,
and had never come again to visit her aunt.
Sometimes he heard them mention her,
always to say that she had another child,
or some such matter. He had never sum-
moned the courage to ask about her him-
self. But sleeping and walking he dreamed
of her. He hoped his wife would look
something like her. If only she could have
a small, round, dimpled face, and could
smile and make the sun shine.
But he hoped that in disposition she
would be like the widow; that his wife
would be easy to get along with, and work
hard for his mother, and not have much to
say.
Then he smiled. The very best destinies
in the world do not encompass such a large
amount of bliss. If he had merited such,
surely he would have been born a man-
darin. If she were passably pretty and of a
fair disposition, he would be content. He
knew, however, that deep in his heart he
hoped for more.
The day that was coming was the day of
the great adventure; the day of great hap-
piness; the day on which he took his place
among the men with a woman of his own;
and there would be a daughter-in-law in
the house.
The sun was beginning to set when he
ﬁnished the ﬁeld. He unhitched the mule
and the donkey from the harrow and threw
it into the waiting cart, hitched the ani-
mals to the cart, and started back to the
village. The golden brown of the freshly
plowed ﬁelds turned to black and purple
as he watched, and the green crops turned
silver. The ﬁrst stars were out, and the
evening star hung over the clump of trees
that hid his village, and the smoke of the
cooking ﬁres had fallen into a wreath that
curled like a sash around it. And as he ap-
proached, he smelled the wood ﬁres that
were cooking food in the village homes.
His mother, his uncle - his father’s
younger brother, and his own young
brother were sitting around the small ta-
ble on the brick bed in his mother’s room.
The aunts and cousins who had been help-
ing through the day had gone back to their
own houses at the other end of the com-
pound. (The family property had been di-
vided while his father was still alive.) His
mother and his uncle were discussing the
latest arrangements and plans for meeting
the guests tomorrow. His mother told him
the food had been prepared for the eve-
ning meal, and he lifted the cover of the
big cooking pot in the common room and
helped himself to a bowl of the steaming
millet gruel and to a hot millet-and-soy-
bean cake. It was the last time he would
eat millet for many days. There would be
wheat bread and meat all the days of the
wedding.
Teh Shan knew that his uncle and Lao
Wang, the distant cousin who had worked
a lifetime for his father and now worked
for him, had done all that was to be done,
and that things on the next day and the
day after would run as they should; but
he also knew that his uncle needed to com-
plain that the young man had not been
there to watch him doing them. Teh Shan
listened in silence to the old man’s queru-
lous talk and then, his evening meal ﬁn-
ished, he said he was tired and going to
sleep in the mill room.
“Why not sleep in your own room,”
said his mother. “The red quilts have not
yet been laid.”
“All that new whitewash and cleanliness
will disturb my dreams.” And he walked
out. His uncle was a good man but a bore.
His uncle called after him, “There are
many points yet to be decided and many
things to be done.”
Teh Shan courteously came back to the
door and said, “I will trust your judgment
in all matters and I will heed your words
tomorrow and the next day in every par-
ticular.” The old man worked his mouth
in protest till the few hairs in his beard
quivered and his loose lips trembled, but
he could think of nothing to say. Teh Shan
walked out of the house.
It was not late, but the autumn days
were short and full night had set in. It
seemed to him as he crossed the court that
the stars were brighter than he had ever
seen them and so low they almost touched
the roof. The Spinning Maiden and her
husband with whom she had spent the an-
nual night so short a time before were al-
ready on the horizon. There was a faint
sharpness in the air. It made him think of
the night six years before when he had
ﬁrst known the widow. He had not intend-
ed to go to her tonight, but suddenly it
seemed that he must see her.
Lao Wang was getting old. He had eat-
en early and gone to bed, but he slept light-
ly and woke when the young man came
into the mill house.
“So you are going out even tonight? I’ll
let you in again.” He got up and let Teh
Shan out of the courtyard gate. He slid the
bolt open very gently but not stealthily.
If those within the main house heard, they
made no sign.
The village street was deserted as it al-
ways was by this hour, except for an oc-
casional man out on much the same errand
as Teh Shan. Sometimes they would grunt
a greeting to each other, but usually they
passed in silence. The only light to be seen
was a narrow strip above the serving win-
dows of the little general store, and as he
passed, he smelled the sticky sweetness of
opium. A ﬁgure detached itself from the
shadows and passed into the deeper sha-
dow that was the opened gate. A dog
barked and other dogs took up the cry,
then, ﬁnding no reason for their barking,
relapsed into silence.
At the crossroads in the center of the
village, Teh Shan turned west by the tem-
New China 43

