\ ainly the _Tunior's eye
Shall mark thy haughty step to do thee wrong,
And thro' these classic halls shall ring
Ninteen nine's victory song,
.-\ll year your minds have struggled,
At that far height, the Senior atmosphere
Yet stooped weary-—to the welcome land,
When the exams were here.
But soon your toils shall end;
Soon shalt thou be at thy dear home, to rest,
And be among your beaux; house parties shall
Become to you a pest.
Thou'rt gone. the abyss of vacation
Has swallowed up thy form, yet, on each ]unior’s heart
-Deeply has sunk the lesson thou hast taught,
And shall not soon depart.
They Who, from time to time,
Raised to the passing point thy uncertain ﬂight,
Qn the long way we will have to go, I
V\"ill make our marks all right.
—Lollie Belle Blasingame
WHAT CHANGED THE WORLD FOR HILDA?
MIRIAM MADDEN.
Completely surrounded by a natural growth of magniﬁ-
cent oaks, stands a large, square house, built of imported
bricks and ornamented with wide colonades. It is a typi-
cal Southern colonial mansion, with its wide porch, which
extends all the way around the house, supported by massive,
white columns, and nestling, as it does, among many acres
of stately oaks and pines. The lawn is beautifully arranged,
with its broad walks and driveways.
Here, on this lawn, many, many years ago, there sported
a little girl and a boy. While their negro mammies care-
fully watched them, they romped and played with all a child's
thoughtlessness, little dreaming of the dark cloud that, some
day, would hover over them and totally shut o-ut all life’s
brightness and joy.
The little girl was the only child of Colonel Darwin, the
owner of this beautiful home, and the hundreds of acres
around it. When his little daughter was quite young, his
wife had died, leaving the little Hilda in charge of Aunt Sally,
one of the Colonel’s faithful slaves. Aunt Sally loved Hilda
as if she were her own child and she, in turn, was tenderly
loved and respected by her young charge.
Q
Marion, the little boy, was the son of Colonel Darwin’s
friend and neighbor, Richard Magnay. They owned adjoin-
ing plantations and so Hilda and Marion played together
very often. in fact, scarcely a day passed but what they
could be seen playing on their shady lawns or down in
the meadows chasing butterﬂies and gathering blue-bells.
Their black mammies always sat near them, watching their
“cliilluns” with particular interest. They always wore gay
bandana handkerchiefs tied around their heads in a fantastic
manner. Hilda’s old nurse thought, of course, that her “baby
wus the feetest one in de wurl" and Marion’s thought the
same about him, and the old negro mammies would sit there
and dispute the fact, each one looking at her little charge
very intently. lloth babies were really handsome children.
Hilda was of the brunette type, her brown eyes just spark-
ling with merriment and fun. Marion’s eyes were of a clear
gray and his hair, black.
And here, on the old plantations, they spent their child-
hood days together, as happy as the days were long.
As they grew older, they, of course, did not spend their
time in playing so much, but instead, they would sit under
thegreat trees, for hours at a time, reading to each other,
Marion telling Hilda of the brave things he would do when
he became a man.
But there came a time when they must be separated.
Hilda’s father had decided that she should go oﬁ‘ to a board-
ing scho-ol. And so at the age of ﬁfteen, she was sent away
from Marion, from the sweetheart her childish fancy singled,
to be gone for about three years.
Marion had a private tutor at his home and while Hilda
studied at school, he was acquiring an education at home, but
how lonesome it was for him, and how he looked forward
to the holidays when Hilda should come home, and they
could again stroll through the green meadows as in by—gone
days!
They corresponded with each other, regularly, Marion
telling her all the news from her home-place, and she wrote
of the good times which she and her school-girl friends had.
At last the three long years at school were over, and
Hilda came home, no longer a careless, thoughtless child,
but a beautiful and accomplished young lady of eighteen.
\Vhen the old darkies heard that “Miss Hilda" was coming
home, they immediately began to make preparations. VVhen
the carriage stopped at the gate and Hilda, with her father,
stepped out, the old slaves, one and all, were"peering from
every nook and corner, trying to catch a glimpse of their
new mistress. When old Aunt Sally saw her ﬁrst she ran and
9
N
l
l
l
l
5
i
+
5
E
rt
ii
Q

