goods from outside Depots to the extent of NC$120,000 (US$6,666) from Paochi,
NC$30,000 (US$1,666) from south Kansu, and NC$2,000 (US$111) from Sian
were sold during 1940 in the Lanchow cooperatives’ joint Marketing and Supply
Department Store, in addition to a quarter of a million dollars’ worth of goods
from local Lanchow coops. Besides therefore, developing its own enterprises
and being a valuable source of raw materials, Lanchow is also becoming a valu-
able market for the ﬁnished products of other Depots.
The Lanchow Depot coops are now producing goods worth NC$400,000
monthly, though outstanding loan capital is only half that amount. Loans
repaid by the end of 1940 amounted to NC$83,235; and paid-up share capital
from 200 cooperative members amounted to NC$8,000. In 1940, net proﬁts
amounted to over NC$62,000, to which must be added NC$60,000 from the
Supply and Marketing Department (this was the Department’s net ﬁgure after
deducting 25% for payment on initial outlay), and NC$22,000 from an experi-
mental factory. The grand total for net proﬁt in 1940, therefore, NC$144,000.
The military authorities have shown their appreciation of the C.I.C.’s
productive capacity by placing orders for NC$144,000 worth of uniforms and
coats, an additional 300,000 fur-lined coats, and 50,000 blankets. Civil authori-
ties also have used the C.I.C. organisation for distributing general relief in the
form of cheap salt, sugar and other necessities. (At the end of 1940 300,000
lbs. of cheap salt had been distributed through the agency of the Supply and
Marketing Department.)
These ﬁgures are sufficient evidence of economic progress. A point of
great interest to cooperators, moreover, is that business efﬁciency and closer
conformity to true cooperative principles have been proved in Lanchow to be
closely related. Time after time, units with comparatively poor cooperative
spirit, few members, many hired hands, and lack of educational activity, were
also found to be losing money, while the same cooperatives, as soon as they were
reorganised along better coop lines, began to make good proﬁts and to pay off
debts incurred during their earlier period.
There is a machine shop which was losing money steadily through the
spring and summer. In October, three somewhat half-hearted members, who
had joined without realising what cooperation meant, left, and six former hired
workers became members. By the end of the year they had made a proﬁt of
NC$460 and the previous months’ losses had been paid off. A printing coop
took on four of its former apprentices and two outsiders as members in the
Autumn of 1940. By the end of the year it had paid off a loss of NC$1,700 and
made a further proﬁt of NC$6,000. _
Another example of healthy growth is the cooperatives’ own joint organ-—
the Federation. The following functions have now been undertaken by the
Federation's elected representatives and paid executives: -
1. There is a Hostel and Restaurant. The rates are low and the rooms
clean, and coop members coming into the city for business or social pur-
poses now have a pleasant place in which to stay. It also means that
expense money provided by the coops for their travellers stays within
the movement. It provides a place for coop celebrations, weddings, etc.,
and also serves as a place of contact between country coop representatives
and city business men.
2. A bi-weekly newspaper on coop and national affairs is being printed and
distributed free of charge to all coops and to other depots.
3. Four small clubs have been organised in outlying districts, where mem-
bers can meet for social and educational ‘activities.
4. A savings agency has been organised to encourage coop members to in-
vest Government savings certiﬁcates.
5. Close watch is kept on the market for raw materials. Estimates are
made for the future needs of the coops and plans are laid before the
Supply and Marketing Department so that the latter can lay in appro-
priate stocks.
2 0

