And, in fact, it was not, as we have said, an easy thing
to put John Bart out of doors; of two evils, choosing the
lesser or especially the less dangerous, the ofﬁcer went to
say to the king:
"Sire, there is in your ante-chamber an ofﬁcer of the
navy who is smoking, who dares us to put him out, and who
declares to us that he will enter in spite of us.”
Louis XIV. did not take the trouble to look up.
“I wager that is john Bart!" said he.
The oﬁicer bowed.
"Let him ﬁnish his pipe," said Louis XIX/Y, “and show
him in.“
_Tohn Bart did not ﬁnish his pipe; he threw it in the
ﬁre-place and rushed toward the cabinet of the king. But
hardly had he crossed the threshold when he stopped, sa-
luting Louis XIV. respectfully.
Iohn Bart had attained his object. He found himself in
the king's presence by means of the same talk that he had
exercised before the enemies’ squadrons. He conducted the
conversation across reefs, channels and rocks, to the point
where? he wished to lead it, that is to say, that, having be-
gun,  having himself paid many compliments on his get-
ting out from the port of Dunkirk where he was closely
blockaded by the English; on burning more than eighty ships
of the enemy that he had ﬁred in sea; and ﬁnally on his
descent to New-Castle, he put one knee on the ground be-
fore the king, and asked him ﬁnally for the pardon of Key-
ser, his sailor, condemned to death for having killed his ad-
versary in a duel.
The king hesitated.
“john Bart,” said Louis XIV., “I grant you what I have
refused to Towville.”
“Sire,” replied ]ohn Bart, “my father, two of my broth-
ers, and twenty other members of my family have died in
the service of your majesty. You give me today the life
of my sailor: I accept that in exchange for the lives of all
the others.” ’
And john Bart went out, weeping like a child, and cry-
ing: “Long live the King,” at the top of his voice.
It was then that he was surrounded by all the cour-
tiers desirous of paying co-urt to a man who had remained
more than half an hour in private audience with Louis XIV.,
and not knowing how to get out from this living circle,
which was beginning to stiﬂe him, he took advantage of
one of the courtiers asking him:
“Monsieur ]ohn Bart, how did you get out from the
I8
&
0-.-_b~.’_._ 4>—-
r"-snp-v—--—~<--A -
5'1-Q *5
__ .=
ﬂ"bc._..e_

