Arlie Reid comes to join us from Hartwell. Arlie is a
smart girl, she claims she graduated from Hartwell with ﬁrst
honor. Of course, we dare not doubt this, because she is
the only graduate from that place that we ever heard from.
Erwin Tenant is a representative of Roanoke, Alabama.
When asked about her childhood she said she did not have
any. We were not very much surprised at this statement,
because we have always felt that there was something mys-
terious in her life; for “failure” is an unknown word in her
vocabulary. If she does not know her therom in Geometry,
she attempts to recite anyway. We believe before she leaves
“Cox” in ’Io she will have a Geometry of her own published,
and We are sure it will be recommended by the entire class.
Thyrza Ware is like some others of us—joined the class
at the eleventh hour, but we are glad to claim her as our
class vocalist. Thyrza asked her grandfather, not very long
ago, if he remembered President Lincoln. “Yes, I remember
him real well. You see, I am a good deal older than you
are,” he answered. “How much older will I have to be be-
fore I can remember him?” she asked. The unknown hamlet
of Kingston claims Tl1yrza’s birthplace, but she says Atlanta
is her future home.
- Cora and Mina White live in College Park. Mathemat-
ics is their especial joy. We hope to have Cora and Mina
with us to share the joy and sorrow of the Senior year.
Edith \/Vatson comes to us from Johnston, South Caro-
lina. Edith is one of our number from whom we are expecting
great things. She is now writing a key to her Cicero,
and several of her classmates have spoken for the copy-
right. If she had lived in the time of Cicero we might not
have been with a “Cicero,” but with a “Watson.”
“Last, but not least,” comes Lovelace WVestberry. She
seemingly thinks it is her duty to hold up the dignity of the
class. Lovelace seems contented to stay with us, after a
long spell of homesickness. She is really original; since
she has come here she has been trying to invent some way
to keep her light on after the others go out. One night her
room-mate came up after supper and found Lovelace stand-
ing on her chair holding the wire just above her light.
When asked what she was doing, she replied; “Leave me
alone, I believe if I hold this wire tight until the lights
lower our light will stay on.” But she was disappointed.
Lovelace is from Sylvester.
A brief history has been placed before you. We all
have purposes and aims not ignoble, I have not stated what
they are, for fear of encroaching on the domains of the
Prophet. For many reasons the memory of this place can
never be eifaced. 6
_ LIMERICK-
“The class” of Cox College, the Sophomore,
It’s brilliance makes Junior hearts sore,
It remembers these lessons,
That in a few sessions
The ]un’s will be heard from no more.
—-—Reata Chapman.
THE MYTH OF ST. VALENTINE'S DAY.
Mary Iohnson.
Many, many years ago, a maiden lived in a little village
nestled at the foot of one of the mountains of Switzerland.
Her name was Muriel Lennox, a sweet, bright girl, but she
had one fault, a jealous disposition.
In a town not far from there was a youth, Hermann
Valentine, who was nearly the same age of Muriel. He was
tall, handsome and manly, and easily won the smiles and
admiration of the girls.
He cared naught for all this, however, unless it was
Muriel who was smiling; for she had captivated his heart
the ﬁrst time he had seen her. After that they spent many
happy hours together, and their love grew with each hour
so spent. The day for the wedding was set. The world
seemed scarcely large enough to contain their happiness.
One day there came a change in affairs. Muriel did not
see or hear of Hermann for several days. Then gossip said
he had gone to a distant country with a beautiful young girl
whom he had made his bride.
Muriel’s love for Hermann was so strong, that at ﬁrst
she believed none of these evil reports. She waited several
days and still no letter or news of any kind from her lover
came. A little suspicion that he had really forsaken her be-
gan to creep into her jealous heart, and day by day it grew
stronger. Finally, she became desperate. “I will wait only
one week longer,” she said, “and if I do not hear from him
in that time, I will marry Horace Crandon. I will show
Hermann Valentine that I can live without him.” But deep
down in lher heart she knew that it would be like death to
be wedded to one whom she did not love; for she was the
kind who loves but once.
Her week of waitinglwas speeding by, but not a line did
she receive from Hermann. At twelve o’clock on February
the seventh, it would end. The suspense was becoming un-
bearable. She felt as if she were standing on the brink of
some dreadful precipice and that when twelve strokes of the
clock had died away, she would be plunged down into the
black depths; for the next morning Horace Crandon was
7 .

