of my life, the farmer carried me to ‘town and gave me away
to a clerk in a store for thread. I was put into a hard, but
respectable looking drawer, but had only a short time to
stay there; for a young lady came in to make some pur-
chases and I was given her as change. She dropped me in
her purse which, although ﬁlled with many articles I never
expected to ﬁnd there, was a very delightful place to rest.
The next day s'he gave me to poor newsboy, who immediately
took me to the baker and bought some bread for his sick
mother.
That night the baker carried me home and gave me to
his little girl. The following day the child started with me
to the store to buy some candy, but, in her eagerness, she
dropped me under a large tree. Being very tired of my
journey, I lay still, hoping she would not see me, but all
hope died away when I felt myself in the grasp of her small
hands. I knew that my journey was not ended, and it is
not yet ended; for this day I am still on my travels, hoping
eachday to do a nobler work and gladden many sad hearts.
EDITOR’S DIARY.
Mamie Hunter.
Ian. I—I was the ﬁrst girl here, much to my surprise,
because I thought the girls would be so glad to get back (P).
Jan. 2-Everybody a weeping willow. I know papa
had turkey for dinner. A few of the girls went to see Mad-
ame Butterﬂy.
]an. 3—Exams! VVind and storm outside; wind and
storm inside.
Ian, 4—Faculty meeting. What did they talk about?
Jan. 5——A sweet, quiet Sunday.
Ian. 6——Great excitement in Atlanta. Sophomores hav-
ing their pictures taken.
]an. 7—Excitement runs high, ‘too high, juniors think
as they climb the wall to tear down the Senior flag.
Ian. 8—Exams! Misery and hope contend for Mastery.
]an. 9—Exams. are over. “Did you flunk P” is heard on
all sides.
Ian. Io—All getting ready for the work of a new semister.
Ian. II——Southwick, Dean of Emerson College, read
“Othello” to us.
Ian. I2—It rains; it sleets; it snows. There is a mys-
terious sadness upon the faces of a few girls and teachers.
Ian. I3--Unlucky thirteen. Five demerits.
Ian. r4.—All would have enjoyed an automobile ride-
if it had not broken down.
']an. I5--Girls! Save all your money. Ben-Hur will be
at the Grand next week. 22
l
1
4
l
1
4*»
v
I
fl
.
i
l
I
Y
l
Q
Q
1
SOPHOMORE PROPHECY.
Listen Sophomores, and you will hear
Your future history from year to year.
President Johnson will be last from our side,
For three ears from now, she’ll be a bride.
The Vice-President now before us stands,
Watson, for French, known through all lands.
Hunter, the Secretary, wears a red cross,
Loves a soldier, whom she will boss.
Gladys Heard, our Treasurer, with her charming voice,
Was happy to be a soldier’s choice.
Schellie Prince, is an old maid teacher,
And Arlie Reid weds a Methodist preacher.
C. and M. White so noble and true,
Friends they have, and enemies few.
Allie Little, “small, not tall,”
Firmly graces a “Governor’s Hall."
Often at the end of a book,
‘We ﬁnd an old name, Mary Cook.
Lovelace \/Vestberry, a very strange name,
Sorry to say it remains the same.
Beulah Davidson, a mayor’s love,
Into “4o0” will try to shove.
Erwin Tennant, tho‘ of but little knowledge,
Is matron in a prominent college.
Hill and Cox waited too late,
Are now sailing through the “Spinster Strait.”
We go to the Grand and there as one looks
My! My! the Prima Donna is Bernice Brooks.
Reata Chapman, she’s not to blame,
Sad but true, name’s not changed.
And Lula Carter leads a sweet life,
For she is now a cowboy’s wife.
Allie Parish revels in beauty,
And being an artist is her whole duty.
Sallie Mobley with that graceful carriage,
Reads over and over, “The Guide to Marriage."
Donnie D. Dillard studied ﬁddle in France,
And with her music a “friend” did entrance.
Miriam Atkinson before us does stand,
The most popular girl in the land.
Thyrza Ware her duty did do,
But her “True Love” failed to be true.
23

