The Bride of
Teh Shan
He rode the harrow like a conquering hero
riding a chariot. His legs were apart and
his head thrown back — a bronze statue in
baggy blue trousers and a blue head cloth.
He rode arrogantly male and aware.
He was to be married when the sun had
set and risen two more times. Tomorrow
the wedding guests would be gathering.
He would meet them, dressed in his best
clothes, and kneel to them. He had spent
this day, busy at home and in the village,
making the necessary arrangements; and
he had come in the late afternoon to the
ﬁelds to ﬁnish the work he had begun, so
that his duties as a bridegroom would not
be interfered with by his concern over the
winter wheat planted and not pressed
down.
The harrow drove over the rich brown
earth broken by the plow. The blood tin-
gled in his veins. He felt the strength of
the earth surge into him and the fragrance
of the newly turned soil surround him. A
vast world stretched before him, until the
great blue heaven met the tree-laden land.
Clouds stood upward on the horizon, ar-
rogant to meet his arrogance. Wide bands
of golden brown ﬁelds alternating with
bands of bright green ﬁelds stretched out-
ward from his feet. Scattered over the
plain were patches of woodland, with an
occasional gray tile roof peeping through
IDA PRUITT, author of A Daughter of Han, grew
up in China and now lives in Philadelphia.
42 Fall I979
by Ida Pruitt
A tale of old China
the leaf-laden branches, or a gleam of
golden yellow where a farmer was drying
his crop of corn on the roof of his house.
Such were the villages of the living.
Clumps of green trees and mounds of
brown earth were the villages of the dead.
His heart swelled. It was a fair world that
he lived in.
He felt his head striving for the clouds.
He was twice his height and the strength
of ten was in his limbs. The day of great
happiness was upon him. He had not ex-
pected to be so excited. He had seen the
women that other men married and had
found most of them dull to look upon; and
the life that they and their husbands led
was not too happy. Also, he was not a man
without experience. Nor was he as young
as most bridegrooms in his village or those
around. His father had died the year in
which he should have been married, and
had died too suddenly for the marriage to
be hastened. He had therefore waited the
three years of mourning. Nor had he been
in a hurry when the years of mourning
were over. But his mother had grown in-
sistent. She wanted a daughter-in-law to
help with the work, she said, and she
wanted to see her grandchildren around
her before she died. So now the day, called
the day of great happiness, was upon him,
and in spite of it all he found himself more
and more excited.
He wondered what she would be like.
He wondered how she would look, and
what kind of disposition she would have.
He had never seen her. Once at a temple
fair he had very nearly done so. The young
men nudged him and, giggling, told him
that she was there. The stilt walkers were
performing, and he and his friends of the
Quarter-Stick Club were waiting their
turn. He tried to look where the young
men pointed, but they hustled him and
pushed him, and when he could steal a
glance, it did him no good. There was a
group of women of all ages, and among
them many young girls. The young men
told him she was well enough to look
upon. But what could one trust of the taste
of others? He had never been able to see
why they called Chang, the Second Sister,
pretty. She was too large and red for his
taste. And the celebrated bride in the Vil-
lage of the Sweet Water Springs, whom all
spoke of so highly and whom all went to
see, left him cold.
He hoped that his bride would look like
Mei Yun. Even if she looked only some-
thing like Mei Yun, he would loved her.
At the memory his head went back even
further and his chest expanded, his nos-
trils dilated. Then his lips parted in a deep
sigh. That had been eight years ago, and
his blood still pounded when he thought of
her, she who had ﬁrst stirred his manhood.
It had been at the wheat harvest when
all in the village turned out to work on the
threshing floors. She was a niece of his fa-
ther’s sister whom she was visiting. Her

