THE ARCADE. II
THE LIFE 'OF A CHINESE GIRL.
I DA Pawrrr.
Human nature is the same the world over. It may
take different shapes, and be developed along certain lines,
but more than others, but at the bottom you will
ﬁnd the original Adam and Eve. As Othello said
that his blood was the same color as theirs, in
spite of the difference in skin. Environment, race, epoch,
must all be taken into consideration. Take for instance two
acorns, and plant them, one in a fertile meadow, the other
on a rocky hill. Two oaks undoubtedly will be the result,
but how different. So when we come to consider a foreign
nation let us always bear this in mind, and we will see
that they are not so strange after all, and that perhaps it is
we that are the most artiﬁcial,
A Chinese girl’s life may not be the one that we would
care for, and yet they are happy. They have known no bet-
ter. And after all their condition is preferable to that of
girls in India and the savage nations.
The birth of a girl is not as Welcome as that of a boy,
and yet the parents love her and are glad'to have her,
though they would prefer a boy. The reason for the parti-
ality is not the inferiority of the feminine sex as it is in Mo-
hammedan countries, but is economic and socio-religious. It
is economic because China is an over-populated country, so
the people are for the most part poor. It is hard to ﬁnd
bread to feed all the mouths (meat is out of the question).
Conditions are much as they were in France before the
Revolution. So they do not want such a large family. They
are willing to raise the boy because there is hope of his
earning money and replenishing the family coﬂer, while if
the girl earned money it would go to the husband’s family,
since the girl is married as soon as she reaches maturity.
The Chinese family system will further explain this condi-
tion. A son on marrying does not strike out and set up a
home of his own, but brings his bride home to the parents.
Thus at times there are often three or four generations liv-
ing in one house. The father is the ruler. He has power
over their lives. For example one old man commanded his
son to drink poison, and the son obeyed. When asked why
he had done it, the father answered, “He was too worthless
to live.” All the money earned by any member of the fam-
ily goes into the common exchequer_ Thus often one brother

