of him at this time, that he would some day render his coun-
try distinguished service.
\\'hile on a visit to Boston on military business, he met
a charming young widow, Mrs. Martha Custis, and so gal-
lantly did he lay siege to her heart, that their marriage took
place in January, I759. Military life seemed over for him
and he settled down as a planter, serving his colony in the
House of Burgesses. It was there, when publicly thanked
for his eﬁforts in behalf of his country, he was too modest
to reply. His home life was happy and beautiful, with only
one thing to cause him sorrow, Washington’s was a child-
less home.
So loved and honored was he, that should public danger
threaten, all eyes would turn to him as a chief advisor and
leader. He was ﬁrst to perceive that a complete break with
England was necessary, and at Williamsburg, in I774, he de-
clared that he was ready to raise one thousand men, sup-
port them at his own expense, and march them to the relief
of Boston. At the ﬁrst Continental Congress, Patrick Henry
declared him to be the greatest man among the delegates,
and such, history declares him to have been. He was, in-
deed, the soul of that mighty struggle for independence un-
paralleled in the history of nations. He brought order out
of chaos, faced opposition by congress, jealousies, and trea-
son. VVhen we consider all these things, we are constrained
to declare him, indeed, to have been, “First in peace, ﬁrst in
war, and ﬁrst in the hearts of his countrymen.”
In I789 he entered on the presidency of the nation. Re-
elected as president, he held ofﬁce till I797, when he again
retired to his estate at Mount Vernon. In I797, wihen there
was dll:l:1C1Jl'[y with France, he was appointed Lieutenant-
General and Commander-in-Chief; a post he with reluctance,
in obedience to the call of his country, accepted.
On Dec. I2, 1799, he was exposed to cold and snow for
several hours, followed by an attack of acute laryngitis, from
which he died on the 14th of December, two days later. How
true it is “Lives of great men should remind us, we must
make our lives sublime.”
JUNIORS.
The Juniors are a stupid class,
They try this place to rule,
But let the Sophs. this secret tell;
They’re the biggest rubes in “schule.
-Mary Johnson.
19 0
IO
WORDS FROM THE FACULTY.
Prof. Gaines, with good intention:
“Young ladies, please pay attention.”
Dr. Holliday, in his usual good way:
“I guess I had better lecture today.”
Mrs. Holliday, who thinks not of rule:
“Don’t forget your lesson after school.”
Mrs. Tredaway, comes walking:
“Girls, you must stop your talking.”
Mrs. Cox then looks at you with force:
“Young ladies, you should take a full course.”
Mrs. Vann, so dear, but has always sung:
“Girls, study bell has rung.”
Mrs. Swingley, almost in her dreams:
“Tomorrow we’ll have chololate ice cream."
Mrs. Fitts says so precisely:
“Oh yes, my dear, you draw very nicely.”
Mrs. Crenshaw, smiles so benign:
“V\/hy didn’t you report at music time?”
Mr. Cox, is always the same “Mr. Willz”
“Do you want to go to ride in my automo-bill?”
Miss \/Vatkins, as she doth arise:
“This theorem you memorize.”
Miss Crenshaw, at the ﬁrst of the session:
“Don’t forget to study your lesson.”
Miss Campbell, whenever you fret her
Smilingly says: “That’s better, That’s better.”
Miss Stakely, better known as Miss Sally;
“Girls, let’s go to walk and have a rally.”
Miss Lane is never out of practice
Saying: “Please report to your practice.”
Mrs. Hutchinson, you can see in her eyes;
‘“Don’t forget to practice your voice exercise.”
Mr. Stakley then walks out too soon;
“Visitors are not received on Sunday afternoon."
Miss Blair, the last, but not least;
“Now you may have a new piece.
-—Flora Graves Cox.
“AN UNUSUAL EXPERIENCE.”
Mamie Hunter.
“Come with me,” were the words of a strange-looking
man, possibly odd-looking, for it appeared to me at the ﬁrst
glance that nature had been most impartial to him by cre-
ating him, one of those beings of the invisible world.
He was attired in a spotless white robe, and his long,
gray locks fell carelessly about his shoulders. A most un-
11

