GREEN, ARE WE?
I-\'LLI_~\X _l‘iT'r.\il\N.
Didyou ever hear a real story of ten real girls? Well,
I am going to tell you one now if you will but listen. Only,
two weeks of inactivity does not sound so very true of girls,
does it? But it is, nevertheless. And the juniors actually
allowed the felt, for their banner, to stay in the President's
room two weeks after the Seniors had, for some reason, ta-
ken their banner dowii. but one afternoon they were suffi-
Clently excited and enthused with class spirit, when, in a
class meeting, Miriam exclaimed:
"Say. but did you all know those Seniors hadn’t put up
their little banner yet? \/Vell, they haven’t! I tell you
what. \\‘e'd better get to work and make ours in a hurry or
they will get ahead of us.”
In a minute every one was talking. The President
l>Y@‘~*s11I Th@ tgilvel ¢lO\'\'11 sl1a1'p1_\,'. “Girls, do hush! Don’t
you know we can't do anything and you all jabbering like
so many monkeys! \\'hat do you think about going up to
my room right now and begin work on our banner at once,
if not sooner. This is Saturday afternoon and so we won’t
have study-hour tonight—.”
“Nor Society meeting either.”
"Silence, please. As I was saying, we will not have
study-hour tonight, therefore we can work and maybe put it
up before the lights are out.”
“Hurrah for I909!” sang out one of the enthusiastic
members.
Another one exclaimed “Come on Ida! Let’s get to work.
If we don't have that piece of green and white felt made
and hung up tonight, it Won’t be because I’m not willing.”
“Girls,” exclaimed the President, “if you don’t hush
somebody will hear you and then all will be up with our lit-
tle game.”
“Oh, we’ll not breathe it to a soul——come on now and
get to work~Ida. lead the way—forward, march, to the
President’s room.”
“Mum’s the word!”
II.
The scene then changed to another room. This time it
was that of the President. The bed was drawn out and
around it were eight girls, hard at work with paper, pins and
scissors. They were attempting to cut out the ﬁgures 1909,
and as all had to be uniform in size, they were having a hard
time of it.
“Look here, that nine is longer than this naught.”
4
“I don’t think so,” expostulated the owner of said ‘nine.’
“Yes, ’tis too, ’cause I’ve measured them. The nine will
have to be cut off. VVe can’t have the ﬁgures any longer
than this “naught” because the -white felt is so narrow.”
VVell, I guess I can cut it off then.”
“Julia, what in the world are you trying to make? That’:
the queerest looking object that has yet met my view.”
“Why, girl, this is a one. What are you thinking about
that you did not recognize it at once ?"
“\/Vell, I never saw a one that looked like that before,
and may I never see another! That point is too long up
there~—you ought to cut it off some. It sure ought not to be
that shape. Oh! that’s better.”
“Where are we going to cut out the ﬁgures? I don’t
think we can do it in here, the room is so small.”
“Oh, come on down to my room, it’s larger than thin
one and we can put the cloth on the ﬂoor and then cut out
the ’o9." So out they went “down to my room."
There were more girls than pairs of scissors, so there
were frequent calls such as:
“Hand me the scissors, please. Ida, Where in the world
did you put ’em. I know you had ’em last.”
“Martha, please hand over those scissors before Fran-
ces takes out all the pins I have pinned this nine on with.
If you don’t hurry I’ll have to get some more, ’cause she will
have them all.”
“Girls, don’t use any more of these pins, please, this is
the last paper I have and you know I can’t go to town any
more this month!” This from the President.
“Oh, don’t be worried. \Ve’ll pick them all up and stick
’em back in the paper for you if you are that near out.” So
Ida didn't worry any niore—seemingly satisﬁed by this con-
soling remark of ]odie Belle’s.
At length, every one helping, all the white ﬁgures were
cut out and were then ready to be sewed on the green back-
ground. The “Sewing-club” adjourned to meet again, imme-
diately after supper, to ﬁnish the glorious banner of nine-
teen-nine.
III.
Supper over, hurrying juniors, trying their very best
to look unconscious of their important object, met at a
teacher’s room with that wonderful roll of green and white
felt.
“Miss Sally, may we use your machine for a little while
tonight? We want to make our banner, and put it up, and
yours is the only sewing machine we can ﬁnd.”
S

