A GIRL’S EDUCATION.
Arlie Reid.
p It is the duty of every parent, if at all possible, to give
l1is or her daughter a college education.
It is the daughter’s duty to make the most and best of
her time and opportunity while at college, and, in after life
to use the knowledge she gets there in such a way as will
bring both pleasure and honor to her parents, and useful-
ness ancl helpfulness to all those who know her.
Of a college education I would say that it is a safe and
proﬁtable investment. It cannot be stolen; no one can fore-
close and sell it; neither ﬁre, nor storm, nor ﬂood can de-
stroy. It brings not only material success, but it does much
more—it adds immensely to intellectual enjoyment, en-
hances social influences, increases personal reﬁnement,
arouses nobler and purer aspirations, and develops nobler
womanhood. It enables us to discover all our possibilities
and to ﬁnd a better place in life.
A college education gives us a healthful hunger for great
ideas and helps us fulﬁll our true mission in life; it gives us
one great over-mastering purpose in life that overshadows
all lesser aims; guides and controls our entire life. In a
college whose cultural facilities are strong and good our as-
pirations are quickened and strengthened. There is always
hope, too, for a girl who aspires, who has a divine hunger
for growth, a real affection for goodness, a longing to be
better, to do better, who does right because she loves to,
whose very soul yearns for the atmosphere of the good, the
pure, and the true. Everybody, too, loves an aspiring soul
that looks up, that longs for the light, that shuns darkness
that loves harmony and purity, and shrinks from discord and
ugliness.
A true college education puriﬁes the mind, clariﬁes the
facilities, sharpens the intellect, and gives unity, purpose and
direction to the life. It gives us a singleness of aim, a purity
of purpose, a transparency of character that adds power to
our life—to the faculties, giving conﬁdence and making suc-
cess easier. It enables us to stand up nobly and boldly,
fearing nothing but to do wrong. .
A complete college education enables a young woman,
as she steps out upon the threshold of life, to see that abso-
lute honesty and a steadfast character are the quickest means
of promotion; the shortest road to success.
It is true that the highest welfare of our country is to
be secured by the highest development of the faculties of its
people. It is also true that national welfare and resources
and power are in proportion to our advance in wisdom and
I9

