coming to claim her hand, thinking he could soon win her
love in return for the fervor of his own great devotion.
She hoped for news until the very last, but it was in
vain; for morning came and with it Horace Crandon.
The wedding bells‘ rang merrily, but they never rang
over a sadder bride. Muriel’s heart seemed dead, and her
eP'orts to appear happy were useless.
A week from that day, on the fourteenth of February, a
small, square box came to Muriel.
“I wonder what this can be,” said Muriel, “I was not
looking for a box. Perhaps ’tis a belated wedding gift.”
oh opening it her face turned as pale as death; for she
was gazing on a human heart. Beneath this lay a piece of
white paper with “M. L.” written on it in a hand that re-
sembled very much that of Hermann Valentine. With tremb-
ling hands she took it out and read the words, which from
her heart, wrung all the blood of happiness. A muffled gasp,
and she fell across the table, uttering two words—-“Unkind
Fate.” '
just at this moment, Horace came in, smiling, and hap-
py to be with his wife again. But he stopped at the sight
of the sobbing girl. Unable to understand such sorrow when
he was so joyful, he quickly called, “Muriel, why this weep-
ing?” But the sobs became more intense and shook her ten-
der frame. just then he caught a glimpse of a bloodstained
note, and carefully took it from beneath her hand. He
opened it and read:
To my--(I cannot say it.)
They say you have given to Horace Crandon the great-
est treasure of all the land. \/Vould to God it had not been.
You promised me once, no matter what happened, you’d
wait a year before you doubted my sincerity. Perhaps you
are not to blame. I’ll make myself believe it. But it cannot
make any diﬁ’erence: I shall not long feel the pangs of re-
jected love; for here is my heart.
This proves the undying devotion of
Your Valentine.
Since that unhappy day, lovers, who were unwilling to
give their human hearts as tokens of their devotion, have
sent various representations of them—whence our custom of
sending valentines on the fourteenth day of February.
“NOW.”
The sooner the better,
The later the worse,
In Latin, Geometry,
And French to immerse.
8
So let us be working,
And doing our best,
And when all is over,
We’ll perhaps have a rest.
So here’s to the Seniors,
In whose steps we follow,
And hope to be where they are
On some sweet tomorrow.
-Mary Cook.
FEBRUARY’S GREATEST GIFT.
Beulah Davidson.
George Washington, the subject of this sketch, was born
in Westmoreland County, Virginia, Feb. 22, I732. Owing
to the fact that his father died early, his education and train-
ing devolved on his mother and his half brother, Augustine.
His school advantages were very limited, and while he was
a ﬁne accountant, his spelling was always a source of morti-
ﬁcation to him.
Early in life he determined to become an English mid-
shipman, but abandoned the idea in deference to his moth-
er’s wishes. He studied surveying, and at the age of sixteen
was employed by Lord Fairfax to survey his lands amid the
wilds of the Alleghanies. During his term of service for
Lord Fairfax, he bravely faced all hardships and dangers,
and made for himself a reputation for prudence, sobiety and
honesty of purpose—not only with the savage tribes he en-
countered, but with the officials circles of Williamsburg.
This work, with its attendant hardships, ﬁtted him, in
a large measure, for his 1ife’s work. He rose rapidly, and in
three years he was made Adjutant General of a border dis-
trict, but soon gave this up to accompany his invalid brother,
Lawrence, on a trip to the West Indies. Returning to Vir-
ginia he was sent by Governor Dinwiddie in the fall of I735,
on a dangerous mission, to the French invaders of the Ohio
region. Undaunted by the rigor of the season, and the peril
of the long, and almost unknown way, he gladly accepted
the task, and in about three months’ time was again at Wil-
liamsburg with the French answer. Having been put in
charge of the militia of the colony by the death of his supe-
rior oﬁicer, he was given charge of the expedition to the
Ohio, in which position he acquitted himself admirably.
Outraged by the conduct of Governor Dinwiddie in re-
gard to the reorganization of the Virginia troops, he re-
signed, but later, when oifered a position with Braddock, he
accepted, and marched against the foe. It was prophesied
9

