THE YEAR.
Comes joyous Spring with wood and ﬁeld abloom;
The bees seek out their honeyed store;
The orchard paths are fragrant with rare perfume;
The happiest season is at my door.
The buttereups dapple the hills with gold,
The sparrow builds, the lusty robin sings; ~
I look across the landscape and, behold!
The birds have brought the Southland on their wings.
Behind the bpring, with her soft refreshing rains,
Comes droughty Summer, mellowing the lands,
Until I dream the ﬁelds of golden grain
Are copies of Sahara's burning sands.
The Autumn brings the fair Italian skies,
\\'ith all its various colors at last;
And in my vineyard there, the warm sun dyes,
Purple, the green grapes, now clinging fast.
'\\'inter comes and in my snug domain,
Around which icicles hang and winds blow,
There I sat and into my mind thoughts came
Of those seeking shelter from cold and snow.
So, year by year, the seasons bring to me
Their many moving pictures that unroll
In ever-changing views that I may see
The earth from its- equator to the pole.
-—Lena Stanton.
____,i__.__.__i_i
THE PIPE OF JOHN BART.
Ltzza GARNER.
(FROM THE FRENCH.)
]ohn Bart was from Dunkirk, a cold and damp country
where the pipe is not only a companion, but a stove. He
was the grandson and nephew of Corsairs and was Cor-
sairs himself, up to the time when Louis XIV called him
into the royal navy.
At this time, John Bart was already forty-one years
old, it was then too late for him to change the habits of
his youth. Nevertheless, those who will reﬂect upon it, will
remain perfectly convinced, that when _Iohn'Bart lighted his
pipe in the anti-chamber of the king, it was n-ot through ig-
norance of the etiquette of Versailles, but because he wished
to attract attention to himself, in such a way that they would
be forced to put him out of the palace. Now, as, after all, he
16
I
~ s
J
w
9“
l
i
t
l
>
l
i
l
was rear-admiral and his name was ]ohn Bart, it was not an
easy matter to put him out of doors, nor was it easy to go
and tell Louis XIV that there was, next door to him a man
who was smoking.
They knew that john Bart came to ask a favor of the
king—a favor that the king had already refused twice.
john Bart’s requests for an interview had not been per-
mitted to reach the king; so it was necessary that he take
the cabinet of the king by surprise.
He laid aside his famous coat, of cloth‘ of gold, lined
with silver, which made so much stir in the drawing rooms
of Paris, put on his simple costume of superior officer of
the navy, passed about his neck the golden chain which the
king had given him in former days, as a reward for his ex-
ploits, and presented himself at the anti-chamber of His
Majesty, as if he had his letter of admission.
“Mr. Captain,” asked the ofﬁcer whose business it was
to introduce solicitors before the king, “Mr. Captain, have
you your letter of admission?”
“My letter of admission?” said John Bart, “what for? I
am, surely, a good enough friend of the king not to have
need of all this nonsense between us. Say to him that John
Bart wishes to speak to him, and that will be enough.”
“Since you have not your letter of admission,” replied the
ofﬁcer, “no one will take the liberty of announcing you.”
“Well, the idea, that I need to be announced,” said Iohn
Bart, “and that I cannot announce myself-”
And he advanced towards the door that opened into the
next room.
“You do not pass there, my officer,” said the musketeer
on duty.
“Is that your orders?” said john Bart.
“That’s my orders,” replied the musketeer.
“Respect to orders,” said john Bart.
Then, leaning back against the wainsc-oating he pulled
a pipe from the lining of his coat, ﬁlled it with tobacco,
struck a spark from the ﬂint, and lighted it.
The courtiers looked at him with astonishment.
“I will have to inform you, Mr. Captain,” said the of—
ﬁcer, “that smoking is not allowed in the ante-chamber of
the king.”
“Then, don’t keep me waiting, I always smoke when I
wait.”
“Mr. Captain,'I am going to be obliged to put you out."
“Before I have spoken to the king?” said ]0hn Bart.
laughing, “Ah! I dare you to do it.”
17

