lover. She lived to he sixty _\*c;u's old, but never married,
for she never could believe that Marion was untrue ta he,-_
1-‘ORTY YEARS L_\TER.
Qn the old Darwin estate, in Virginia, an ancient oak
tree was cut down. In the top of it was found the remains
of a squirrels nest. and in it were found two letters, which
had been stolen from the hole in the bottom of the tree, one
signed "Hilda Darwiii,“ and the other, “Marion L\Iagney."
LIMERICK.
There is a little girl called Julia
\\‘hom. some people consider peculiar,
She has such dear little wiles,
For every boy she has some smiles,
But watch out, she's apt to fool you.
—Miriam Madden.
SUCH IS LIFE.
I saw a brilliant butterﬂy,
And chased it long o'er ﬂowery mead,
O'er sun kissed ﬁelds, and dells;
But found it crumbling dust indeed.
I saw a sunbeam glitter bright,
And leapt in haste to catch it straight,
The clouds came thick across the sun,
It slipped away. I was too late.
I saw a mountain grand, and clothed
VVith clouds of blue, and gray, and gold,
To its summit long I labored,
To ﬁnd it rugged, damp, and cold.
—Ida Pruitt.
RURAL LIFE IN ENGLAND.
LENA STANTON.
The stranger who would form a correct opinion of the
English character must not conﬁne himself to the large cit-
ies. He must go out into the country; he must sojourn in
villages and hamlets; he must visit castles, villas, farm
houses, cottages; he must go about country churches; attend
fairs and other rural festivals, and cope with the people in
all their conditions, habits and humors.
In some countries the large cities absorb the wealth and
fashion of the nation; they are the only ﬁxed abodes of the
highest society, and the country is inhabited almost entirely
I2
4
F
l
l
l
i
by the rough peasantry. In England, on the contrary, the
cities are gathering places of the polite class, where they
spend only a small part of the year in a hurry of gayety and
dissipation, after which they return to the apparently more
pleasant habits of rural life. The various orders of society
are therefore scattered over the whole surface of the kingdom,
and the secluded lands afford classes of every rank.
The English are greatly gifted with the rural feeling.
Thy have a quick sensibility to the beauties of nature, and
a longing for the pleasures and work of the country. Even
the inhabitants of cities, who were born and reared among
the walls and bustling streets, enter with enthusiasm into
the rural habits and occupations. The merchant has his
suburban home, where he shows as much pride and zeal in
the cultivation of his ﬂower garden and the maturing of his
fruits as he does in the success of a commercial enterprise.
The poorer class even have the flowers and green around
their houses.
Those who see the Englishman only in town are apt to
form an unfavorable opinion of his social character. He is
either absorbed in business or distracted by the thousand
engagements that occupy his time, thought and feeling. He
has, therefore, a look -of hurry and abstraction.
It isiin the country that the Englishman gives away
to his natural feeling. This same man, so distracted, will
gladly break loose from the cold formalities of the town;
throw off his habits of reserve and become joyous and free-
hearted again. He collects round him all the conveniences
and elegancies of reﬁned life. Books, paintings, music, horses,
dogs, and sporting implements of all kinds are at hand and
in true spirit of hospitality, having provided the means of
enjoyment, leaves every guest to partake according to his
inclination.
The beauty of English park scenery is great and it is
wonderful how a scanty porti-on of land, put in the hands
of an Englishman of taste, becomes a little paradise. This
can be done simply by the training of trees; scattering of
ﬂowers and graceful plants; and the partial opening to a
sparkling stream of water; the setting of holly near the
house to hide the winter’s dreariness and to throw in an ap-
pearance of summer to cheer the ﬁreside. If ever love de-
lights to visit a cottage, it must be a cottage of an Eng-
lish peasant. i
Is

