THE COMING OF SPRING.
The .\l;irch winds herald the coming spring,
And the merry sparrows begin to sing;
The slender \iolets ironi the dells peep up
lo no.1 and smile to the fresh buttercup.
The trees no longer are grim and bare,
’l‘he_\'. too. have with earth a great beauty to share;
l-‘rem bursting buds may now be seen
Ga)" colored blossoms, and tender leaves so green.
The bright sunshine our hearts doth gladden,
Making things joyous which winter did sadden;
The skies above, so much bluer, much clearer,
Make the whole earth to the clouds seem nearer.
But if there are those who are laden with care,
And in life's blessing ﬁnd no share,
May the souls of us all in spring beauty clad,
Make all the world ’round us happy and glad.
—Frances Owens.
CLAMOR.
Laus ad nostram “Alma mater”
’o9 ibit ex schola mox,
Sed amabimus eam semper
Nunc omnis laus ad Cox.
—l\~Iartha Gibson.
HISTORY OF ]UNIOR CLASS. i
LYLLIAN PITTMAN.
Lollie Belle Blasingame, Philologian President during
I907, Business Manager of the “Arcade,” thinks Jersey, Ga.,
the ONLY city, since she comes from there. Although she
labors under the weight of a great name, she is very fair
"game" and, such being the case, has hopes of discarding
her burden at an early date. She is one of the twin Belles
of the class.
Lizzie Garner, Philologian, is from the mighty city (?)
of Sandersville, Ga. She never suffers from “home-sickness”
“Buddy” and “Uncle Bob” are both in the city and they
are often in her sight. Trig for her has no terrors, but Latin
_______v
Martha Gibson, Philologian Vice-President for I908,
Artist of class I909. Although she is a native of Agricola,
Ga, she is no great lover of Latin. But beware of her, for
she is apt to corner you and say, with serious mein: “Quack,
14
l
l
l
»
1
i
l
l
quack," and then, when you are frightened half to death,
“Das ist sehr gut!”
Miriam Madden, Editor-elect, is our one representative
from College Park. She is quite an expert in “knocking”
one down” with her German, for every morning, with her
stately step, she comes into the Latin room and greets you
with “Guten Morgen, Fraulein, vie beﬁnden sie sich?”
Jodie Belle McMillan, Sidney Lanier. 1f all the inhabi-
tants of Union Springs, Ala., are as broad as “J. B. Me.” it
must surely be a learned town! Every day she hears our
Latin (when Mr. Gaines is sick) and says: “Now girls, read
this right, so we can get through quickly.”
Frances Owens, Sidney Lanier, comes to us from Hurts-
boro, Ala. But we seriously advise her to move, for we
wish not one of our class to live in so painful (P) a place.
But the physical properties of the place have seemingly not
injured, in the slightest degree, her brain, for she is one of
the brightest members of the junior class. V
Julia Purser, Business Manager of the “Arcade,” Proph-
et of the ]unior class, lives in West End, Atlanta, Ga. She
is a preacher’s daughter and no exception to the rule. Late
she comes in every morning, “Oh, read the Latin to me,
Tom, Dick and Harry were around to see me last night, and
we made fudge, and I don’t know a word of it.”
Ida Pruitt, Sidney Lanier Chaplain, Editor-in-Chief of
“Arcade,” President of Missionary Society, President of
Class I909, ﬁrst opened_her eyes in the far away city of
Tung Chow, China, and they were so surprised they squint-
ed and have remained slanting to this day. Since coming
to America she has become somewhat civilized, but still
astonishes us, at times, with her original ideas.
Lena Stanton, Philologian Vice-President for I907, Sec-
retary of ]unior class, hails from Social Circle, Ga. She evi-
dently has absorbed the spirit of the name, for she is one
of the highest social stars of the class. and can also star
on the basket-ball ﬁeld, for she’s the goal thrower of the
honorable class of I909.
Lyllian Pittman, Philologian Critic for I908, Historian
of Class I909, Editor-elect, is very anxious to change her
name, For she says she must follow the example her town
set in calling itself Commerce instead of Harmony Grove.
But at present she makes a welcomed member of the Hon-
orable Clan by her ready pen and good nature.—I. P.
I5

