Girls—classmates and Sophomores—-be true;
A dream of our class I’ve told to you,
I have told it all from beginning to end,
Sophomores, now, these things you must win.
—Donnie De Loney Dillard.
“A TOAST TO THE SENIORS.”
“Here's to the class that is good and sweet,
Here‘s to the class that’s true;
Here’s to the class that rules our hearts,
Yes, Seniors, here’s to you.”
—D. D. D.
A TOAST TO THE SOPHOMORES-
Here’s to the girls who are wisest and best,
I-Iere’s to the girls who with judgment are blest,
Here’s to them who have wisdom in store,
Here’s to the Grand old Sophomore-
—D. D. D.
THEY DON’T EXIST.
Here’s to the Freshman who are wisest and best;
Here’s to the Iunior with judgment are blest,
Here’s to the Seniors who’re as smart as can be,
But such folks a Sophomore never did see!
—-Donnie D.Dillard.
“X
8
‘V
l
1
v
\
4'3 sa-
e.»....=»-.....,..~,~; ~
J
....,.....»sM,-
THE DEN.
Mamie Hunter.
February is the birth month of numberless
FEBRUARYYS great people and therefore it is very natural
GREAT MEN. that the Sophomores in this month make
their debut as brilliant writers! It may sound
egotistical to class our names with V\/ashington, Dickens and
Lowell, but we ﬂatter ourselves that if this is but the be-
ginning of our literary work and we are but Sophomores,
when we are fully launched in the world of letters none will
deny the fact that our place in the highest rank is deserved.
This the month in which people are send-
VALENTINE’S ing sitar missives of love, but we have
DAY. to send ours in a different way. Instead
of declaring our love, we have found an-
other way of making hearts gladden. \/Ve feel sure that no
Valentine could give more pleasure than receiving the pro-
duction of the coming Authors.
It is with much joy that girls hail Leap
LEAP YEAR. Year, although it is a sorrowful time for
the boys. It is true we won’t be “out” for
three years at least, but we welcome this as an opportune
time for making enga_gements—so that w-hen I910 comes roll-
ing in, the Sophomores won’t be left behind—in the Matri-
monial Line.
THE SIDNEY LANIER SOCIETY.
Sallie Mobley.
On the evening of January the IIth, I908, Dr. Henry
Southwick, Dean of Emerson College, Boston, Mass; read
“Othello” for the Sidney Lanier Society in the Chapel.
The stage was prettily decorated in pennants and flowers
to carry out the Society colors, gold and green. The I908
banner was covered in Society pennants, for every member
of the A. B. graduating class is a Sidney Lanier. Each member
of the Society was recognized by ‘the colors on the left arm.
The public was cordially invited and there were many
guests.
Dr. Southwick was introduced by Prof. Carl Holliday.
The Society, named as it is, for one of the Southern
poets, Sidney Lanier, has always stood for the highest and
noblest in Literature .It felt very highly complimented by
having Dr. Southwick, who is the finest and best known read-
er in the United States, and who is highly esteemed abroad,
read before it. The entertainment proved an enjoyable oc-
casion to those present.
At the conclusion of the reading, Dr. Southwick was
entertained by a committee in the parlors.
25

