three times on the hollow wooden mallet
and knew that the night was half over. An
early cock crowed. He was suddenly ﬁlled
with a great loneliness, and drew the wid-
ow to him so quickly that she half-awoke,
and with the sureness of long habit adjust-
ed herself to his desire. Comforted, he lay
awhile with his head on her breasts, and
then he got up and dressed.
It was the darkest, coldest hour before
dawn, and he walked home through the
channels of black gloom that were cheer-
ful village streets in the daytime. He stum-
bled over a sleeping pig that some careless
villager had left out, and laughed. He felt
better. He lay the small remainder of the
night on the pallet Lao Wang had put out
for him in the mill house, on the brick bed
where the old man always slept.
He felt that he had barely started to
sleep when they called him to dress and
receive the ﬁrst of the long line of guests
who came and went all day. The day passed
as a dream, with the preparations, receiv-
ing the gifts and preparing the bride’s
room.
They came to dress him in the early
dawn the next day. The Master of Wind
and Water had declared that the fortunate
hour for bringing the bride home was high
noon. The young men, his cousins and the
fellow members of the Quarter-Stick
Club, who dressed him, chaffed him for
his calm and lack of tension. They made
allusions which became broader with
every sally. As they tied the red silk sash
around his waist, binding up the long blue
silk trousers they had folded with great
care around his loins, they became even
broader. In spite of himself, he felt a blush
creeping up his face as they hung the ends
of the stiff red sash carefully down in front
of him, and said the things they said.
There was time and cause for the ten-
sion to gather as he rode in the chair to her
home and sat in the main room with her
father and her brothers, drank their wine
and ate the bowl of noodles symbolizing
the hope for many years together, and lis-
tened to them droning the ceremonial
commonplaces.
And the music whipped his blood. He
knew, as they played the different airs,
what was happening in the room where
the women were preparing the bride for
her journey. Now they were putting the
seal of matronhood upon her- pulling the
short hairs from her forehead, evening out
the hairline- and coiling her long hair into
the matron’s knot. Now they were putting
the red embroidered outer garments on
top of her red short jacket and red trou-
sers. Now they were putting the thick red
veil over her face and the big wide girdle
around her waist, the girdle by which the
matrons would pull her to the chair and,
46 Fall 1979
at his home , would pull her from the chair.
He wondered if this reluctance in his bride
would be feigned or real. He wondered,
with a sudden fear, what manner of wom-
an she was, this woman who belonged to
him. '
The music changed. She was ready.
Her father and brothers courteously in-
vited him to enter his chair. He walked
across the court on the strips of red felt.
He could hear them shufﬁing along behind
him- the bride and the matrons who pulled
her. He knew that he must not look, and
that if he turned his head, he would see
nothing but a red-swathed ﬁgure, her face
covered.
There was also time for the tension to
mount as he rode in the swaying chair on
the long trip back, and as he stood inside
his home gate waiting with his back turned
as the matrons did things. He knew what
they were doing from the tiny, involun-
tary sounds. He had watched enough wed-
dings. He knew when they waved the hot
iron to drive away the spirits. He knew
when they put the ends of the long red
sashes into the hands of the bride. And
there was time in the tedious, slow jour-
neying on the strips of red felt laid in front
of him from his front gate, through the
court, to the red bridal room. Was he be-
coming so stupid that he could not hold
his two ends of the two red sashes in his
two hands, that he felt the pull at the other
end too great as he dragged her in by the
red reins that bound them?
He sat on the edge of the brick bed as
they helped her to mount to her place. Un-
der the masses of red coats and skirts he
saw that she was thin. He was disappoint-
ed. He had wanted her plump, at least.
He knew that in the cities an elegant thin-
ness was considered desirable, but he was
a country man. He liked a woman to be
plump. It was time for him to unveil her.
His hands were trembling. How everyone
would laugh as the matrons told the story
in the long winter evenings. With great
determination he held his hands still. He
reached for the pin in her elaborate head-
dress that he knew he must get before she,
inching toward him, was able to sit on the
edge of his coat. He knew the pin well.
In a hundred weddings he had seen it, and
from boyhood he had seen the one his
mother treasured. But now he could not
see, and his ﬁngers, usually so deft, were
sticks. He got the pin out, but she had
been sitting for some time on the edge of
his coat. The matrons had helped her, he
was sure. Well he knew the chaﬁing he
would get as a prospective henpecked hus-
band. He was furious with himself to have
been so slow, to let her get ahead of him
in the ﬁrst encounter.
Then through the mist of emotions he
began to realize that it was not excitement
only that had made him slow. As he leaned
over her, there had been a series of fra-
grances, not all ofwhich he could identify.
There was the scent of sandalwood and
musk in her clothes, and there was jas-
mine in her hair, which were pleasant
enough; and there was the smell of clothes
laid long away from air which he knew
came from the outer rented wedding gar-
ments. But there was something else. He
would wait until she was dressed in her
own clothes only.
The great moment had arrived. He real-
ized that for some seconds the matrons
had been telling him it was time for him
to raise the veil. He wondered why he was
so unwilling to do so. He lifted his arm,
which was like one of wood, and touched
the piece of red cloth. He lifted it and
threw it back across her headdress. He
looked at her face. In spite of all his cau-
tions to himself he had been expecting a
round, dimpled face with a pointed chin.
He felt a chill of disappointment creep
over him. Her face was long and thin. It
was broader at the top than at the bottom,
the conventional melon-seed-shaped face.
Some men would call her pretty, but to
him she was strange and one he could
never know.
Throughout the feasting he served the
wine at the tables. He drank with his guests
as they wished him long life and many
children. He went through all the motions
of the happy bridegroom, but his mind
and heart were in turmoil. At last the
guests were gone. He had closed the court-
yard gate after the last one. His brother
and friends, he knew, would creep back
later to “listen at the room,” poke holes
in the paper window, hoping to see some-
thing of the couple’s embarrassments, but
they had not yet come.
She sat like a red-clothed Buddha — as
she had sat throughout the day, as people
came and went and looked at her - in the
far corner of the brick bed. He sat on the
edge of the brick bed and looked at her.
His distaste grew. Her outer garments had
been taken off, the rented ones. She was
clothed in what would be her ceremonial
wear for many years.
He did not like her face. He did not like
her ﬁgure. He did not like the fragrance
that came from her. It was not fragrance
to him.
He seized the window stick and, one by
one, lifted the tiny embroidered shoes she
had just taken oﬂ‘ and threw them across
the room. He lifted the heavy blue cur-
tain and walked out of the door. across the
common room, across the courtyard. and
out the compound gate. He knew he would
never again enter that house as long as she
was there. 0

