14 THE ARCADE.
honors for the glory of our “Cherishing Mother." Let us as classes
aspire to place our year beneath that of I907 on the loving cup.
Why should we not have as ﬁne a basket-ball team as they did?
Of course we can.
\Vho says we can’t write songs? A few in this number will
testify to the fact that allcollege poets have notyet stepped off the
stage. Let us one and all, work for the glory of Cox. For the more
honor to her the more to each one of us, as her daughters. Let us
take to heart the words of the great statesman editor: “United we
stand, divided we fall,” and together shout,
“Rah! Rah! for Cox!”
ATHLETICS.
There is a bright outlook for athletics this year. Tennis is
very popular, and basket-ball teams are being organized. But in
common with all Southern colleges, Cox has one great weakness;
the girls, as a mass, do not take enough interest in athletics. South-
ern girls do not appreciate the need of exercise, the fact that to at-
tain the highest development in life, body, mind, and soul must each
receive its share of attention, What is a mind without a trained
and healthy body to back it up? We have all seen men whose
brains gave promise of great deeds and thoughts, but whose bodies
were so weak that they accomplished nothing. The Greeks real-
ized this fact; among them athletics and education went hand in
hand. The greatest scholars had their regular hours at the gymna-
sium, and could win the laurel in the arena as well as by the
help of the Muses. They did not stop with the men, either. The
women trained too. The result was a virile race. We all laugh
at a preacher whose zeal outruns his knowledge. Have we not as
much right to laugh at a man whose knowledge outruns his strength?
APPEAL.
Now that the Cox College Magazine is safely launched upon the
world, we must guard her course and watch over her. We must
let her run against no rocks, and guide her past all shoals. And,
above all, stand by her loyally as her creators, But we all know
that a paper cannot live on love and good wishes alone. We must
have something more solid, and—something that requires work.
For every number is needed at least four short stories, an equal
number of poems and a couple of essays. Put on your thinking
caps girls, sharpen your pencils, and make a sacriﬁce to your muse.

