\f»
t‘<\
With members of Peanut Brigade and friends, Penglai, 1971. Talitha With Soong Ching Ling (Mme. Sun Yat-sen), Peking, 197;.
Gerlach is third from left. In background are harvested corncohs.
lmmsnmrr
WITHDMWAL
Marching in anti-war rally in
Washington, D.C., I967.
a colonial Connecticut family, founded a
large primary school for boys. Ida Pruitt
attended the China Inland Mission School
for Girls in Yentai (Chefoo), Cox College in
Georgia, and Columbia University Teachers
College. From I9Il to I918 she taught
school in China, then returned to the United
States and took up social work.
“As a child I lived in the village of Shan-
dong. The main struggle was to raise crops
and raise a family and continue to live. To
us in the village, the government was the
tax collector, and \ve disliked him exces-
sively. A farmer was a farmer in the suin-
mer, but in the winter he was an artisan. I
used to see the men walking along the street
with their coat pockets stuffed with wheat
straw they'd be braiding. A great many of
the straw hats worn by the men in America
were made with braid from Shandong.”
After several years of social work in the
United States, Ms. Pruitt returned to China.
“I had been working in an Italian com-
munity in Philadelphia,” she recalled, “but
I didn‘t know the language. That seemed
wrong to me. I did know Chinese, though,
and so I decided to go back to China and
use what I knew.” For 2.0 years she was
head of the social service department at
Peking Union Medical College Hospital,
which was financed by the Rockefeller
Foundation.
“When the coastal factories were devel-
oped, they manufactured things more
cheaply than people themselves could make
them. So the people had to buy most of
what they used to make, and they were get-
ting poorer and poorer. The factories were
terrible places. Boys and girls worked from
dawn to dark, slept in the factories, and
were never let out. I used to feel that what-
ever we did in our social service depart-
ment was putting on patches. And if you
put your patches onto rotten fabric, every-
thing just tears right up.”
In I938 Ida Pruitt met Revvi Alley, a New
Zealander who was organizing industrial
cooperatives in China to help the war ef-
fort, provide jobs, and teach skills. Ms.
Pruitt was asked to go to America to raise
money to finance the cooperatives. From
I940 to T951 she managed the American
Committee in Aid of the Chinese Industrial
Cooperatives, which sent $3.5 million to
China. “We were fighting with China
against the japanese so everything I said
was welcome, welcome, welcome." At first
the cooperatives blossomed, with over z,ooo
formed in the first year. “But the Kuomin-
tang government said that anybody who
was that interested in the common people
must be communistic, so they began to
shut us down.”
From 1949 to 1959, despite the U. S. gov-
ernment ban on travel and information
which followed the Chinese Revolution and
the Korean \Var, Ms. Pruitt remained an
active friend to the Chinese people. She
worked informally with Soong Ching Ling
(Madame Sun Yat-sen) sending medical
supplies to China through the China Aid
Council. In 1959 she traveled again to
China and was deprived of her passport for
seven years because of this trip.
Ms. Pruitt contributed to the understand-
ing between our two peoples through her
translations of The Flight of an Empress
by Wu Yung (Yale University Press, I936),
the story of a friend who held a minor post
with the empress dowager when she fled
in 1900, and Yellow Storm (Harcourt,
Brace, I951) a novel by Lau Shaw. I-Ier own
book Daughter of Han (Yale University
Press, I946; Stanford University Press,
1967) transcribes the autobiography of a
Chinese working-class woman, Ning Lao
Taitai, whom she employed for six years.
“It’s still on sale. It’s been going for
twenty years, I guess. I think it’s a real con-
tribution. I’m not blowing my own horn.
Except that I had the wit to see when this
old lady was talking to me that those stories
were too important for me just to enjoy
personally and that I must record them so
the world could see them.”
In I977.l(l11 Pruitt returned to the People’s
Republic for a three-week trip. What struck
her most were the changes in the everyday
lives of the majority of China’s people.
“Everybody has somewhere to live. The
roof doesn't leak. And they‘ve not over-
crowded. F.vcrybody’s busy, busy doing
things. Fundamentally they are people who
have built a great culture. They built a great
agricultural handicraft culture; no\v they
are building a great industrial culture." D
New C/Jinn 17

