Donnie leaves to get some one else to go with her,'and
I continue studying. “James Fcnnimore Cooper was born
in
“Oh! Gladys, look, Gordon has just sent me a beautiful
pennant,” shouts Sallie, as she rushes back into the room.
“Sallie, that is just lovely. Let me put it up, won’t
you?” I exclaim in admiration. She agrees, and I tack up
the Mercer pennant.
“But I must begin studying again. James. Fennimore
Cooper was born in %— Oh! there is the bell for mail-
call. I do hope I will get a letter, but I can’t go down stairs.
I must keep on studying, James Fennimore Cooper was
born L’
“Here's a letter and a card you got in the mail,” ex-
claimed Mamie, as she hands me my mail.
“Thank you so much, Mamie, I just couldn’t go after
my mail, because I have so much studying to do. Do you
know anything about that “exam?” I have been studying
since 3:30 and it is now almost ﬁve and I don’t even know
where Cooper was born.”
Mamie rushes out to study and I begin anew. “James
Fenimore Cooper was born —— Oh! I haven’t read my
letter, and it is from mammal I must see what she says.
And this card is from “him,’ I must read that too; he is such
a true friend; he writes as often as anyone else.”
Having ﬁnished my mail I began once more on that
awful examination, “James Fenimore Cooper was born ~—,
Bosh! there is that welcome sound of the ‘supper bell,’ and I
must go; for I have been studying all the afternoon and am
almost starved.”
“Gladys, do you know your examination,” Janie asks
as we go into supper together.
“No, I don’t, and I have been studying since 3:30.”
Immediately after supper I hurry up to my room and
muster up all of my courage to tackle that horrid old litera-
ture again,” James Fenimore Cooper was born ‘—- I am
obliged to write to mamma tonight; I haven’t written to her
in a week. VVell, I will write just a short letter and then go
to work again.”
After ﬁnishing the short letter of ten pages, I try once
more to concentrate my thoughts on “James Fenimore
Cooper was born ———” But to my utter dispair Miss Bes-
sie walked in and demanded, “Miss Heard, why did you cut
practice at the 8th period today?”
“Miss Bessie, I had a slight headache and really didn’t
feel like it.” '
16
“Slight headaches don’t count at Cox, so you can go
and practice now and make up that lost time.”
Of course, I had to go; there was nothing else for me
to do. At 9:30 I came down from that awful old practice
room almost frightened to death.
“Sallie, don’t you think it was awful for poor little me
to have to stay up on that fourth ﬂoor by myself, at night?
Well, I do.”
But I must study now. James Fennimore Cooper was
born—-% Look! the lights have lowered and I do not know
one single thing about that literature examination. I do
hope Dr. Holliday will give us an easy examination, don’t
you? If he doesn’t I certainly will fail.”
I made one more brave attempt, “James Fennimore Coop-
er was born in —-ii’
“The lights are out, and I don’t know a thing. Of
course, I will ﬂunk tomorrow and Dr. Holliday will say I
haven’t studied, but I know better.”
BALLAD OF CHANGING HEARTS-
A winsome maid of sweet sixteen,
To boarding school was sent,
Because at home she would not learn,
And her head on boys was bent.
On the ﬁfteenth of September,
She started to Cox College,
Leaving her friends behind her;
Who hoped for her some knowledge.
’Mongst those she hated most to leave
VVas Jack, her summer beau;
He loved her very tenderly,
And she—how much?—Wl10 l<I10W5?
They swore to be faithful and loving,
Tho’ many miles apart;
Although they could not correspond;
They’d have each othe'r’s hearts.
Thus the two lovers parted,
These lovers fond and true;
Little did they dream of a G. M. A.
That would come between the two.
17

