"\\'hy girls, of course you may use it. I will be only too
glad to help you in any way I can. It will be quite a pleas-
ure to me to help you, if I can do so," Miss Sally most gra-
ciously and kindly answered.
So into the room they ﬁled, and at once began. There
were ﬁve girls and four ﬁgures, so the ﬁfth girl was con-
soled Q?) by the promise tl1at she might sew the tape on
the top of the banner.
“Oh, goodness,” exclaimed Lizzie, who was sewing on
the I, "this green cloth is drawing. Ida, get over behind
there and pull, and Lena, hold the light over here, so that
I can see. Your head was in the way.”
It was now Ida’s time to show her skill as a seamstress
by sewing on the ﬁrst 9.
"Be sure to lap those ends,“ advised Lizzie, “my mamma
always told me to lap 'eni, so they wouldn’t come undone.”
"\\'ell, it's not going to come off, even if I don’t lap
'em," returned Ida.
“Thank goodness, that nine is on. Now get up Ida, you
know it's my time now; ‘cause I‘m to sew on the naught”
declared Frances. “J. I3. .\Ic., I’ll let you pull for me and Lol-
lie can hold the light.”
At last everything was ﬁnished, even to the sewing on
of the tape. Miss Sally, unable to endure the noise, had, in
the meantime, escaped by going into another room. But
she now returned, in time to head the procession to the study
hall and was a light unto our pathway by the means of her
lamp.
Noiselessly the kimona-clad procession wended its way
through the silent halls until the goal was reached. The
door was closed and at once all began aiding in the task of
getting the banner hung in its intended place.
First, a pyramid was made by placing one table upon
another and then surmounting the whole with a chair. When
the structure was completed and all had had a glimpse of it,
not one of these brave and indomitable juniors seemd willing
to run the risk of breaking her neck. No, not even for the
class of Nineteen-nine. But at last one loyal member de-
clared her willingness to face danger and possible death 
So all assisted Martha in her efforts to reach the top of
this improvised step-ladden, and ﬁnally she stood erect on
what has proved to be her ladder of fame!
“Oh, Martha,” breathed Miss Sally, “be careful and don’t
fall.”
“I’m not going to fall, Miss Sally. Say, one of you get
me a broom. I can’t reach these old nails without one.
6
What in the world could have possessed the one who drove
them in to cause him to put ’em so awful high.”
The broom was brought and by its very efficient aid and
much stretching and effort on the part of Martha, the ban-
ner was raised to its place.
“I am the Goddess of Liberty and by this, my torch! I
have succeeded in placing this banner in its place of freedom
and sovereignty and in bringing an untold amount of dust
and plastering down on my loyal and devout head!” exclaim-
ed Martlia as she stood on the chair and held on high the-
broom l
The descent was then made, though not without Martha
missing the bottom table and stepping straight to the ﬂoor.
UOl1I\'I2tl”ll1%1,” Miss Sally exclaimed, “did it hurt you?
I hope not.”
“No’1n, I'm not hurt. I don’t think anything can hurt
me,” Martha assured, between gasps of laughter.
For the fraction of a second all stood silent and almost
breathless, looking up at their banner as it hung on the wall
above them. Then such a shout as rose on the night air,
and, the door having been opened, resounded through the
entire building. As song after song was sung and cheers
given by those excited juniors, they seemed to become more
and more joyous and jubliant.
All the ]unior songs were sung, beginning with the one
in which it had been prophesied, very truly, that “the So-
phomores and the Seniors are the ones will put behind,"
and ﬁnally ending with their one serious  song.
Then all went into the hall intent upon going through
all the house and telling the news to every creature, and also
desirous of explaining the rejoicing and singing that had been
astonishing the inmates of Cox College.
But just before they separated, one of them said. “Wait
a minute, let’s give one more yell. Now then~—one—two-three :”
One nine, naught nine,
One nine, naught nine,
junior,
Banner
nine-teen-nine.
TO THE SENIORS.
(.-’\polozies to Bryant.)
Soon midst joy and sorrow,
While glow the heavens with the last steps of commence-
ment day,
Far from Mater Cox shall thou pursue
Thy solitary way.
7

