natural and weird looking creature, and although I obeyed
his summons, it was through no other reason save fear.
“Come with me,“ he repeated, “I wish to carry you to 3,
place where I will reveal to you the present, past and fu-
ture." I shuddered at the thought of the future. Wliat was
it to bring forth? \\'hat did it mean to me?
As he strolled slowly and demurely in the direction of
a certain grove of trees, where I so often spent hours in the
grand and glorious moonlight, I was attracted by a golden
rod, which he carried in his white hand as it dangled from
his sleeve. It seemed to be of uniform thickness.
After walking for a distance of several "hundred yards,
we came to some earthen steps. “Come with me,” he whis-
pered, in a low and horrible tone. On reaching the landing
I ﬁrst saw a white door with the word" “Enter” upon it, in
golden letters, and just below in dim, though beautiful let-
ters, was carved the word “Geometry.” The door was
opened, and I was ushered into a cave of large dimensions.
“How came you here at this hour of the night,” chanted
a number of weird looking creatures, with their earthly
voices. Each of these was sitting upon a triangular stool.
From the middle of the roof of the little cave was suspend-
ed a hanging lamp with “Trapezoid” in shining letters around
the globe. The bed was a perfect rectangle. I was almost
distracted with fear when “Come with me,” motioned me
onward.
By this time I was so overcome with fright, words fail-
ed me and I stood gazing about me motionless.
“Thither to yonder light in the distance,” came from an
access of the cave.
True it was—for straight in front of me a dim light
shone forth. Obeying the commanding tones, I tottered on.
On reaching the light, I entered a smaller apartment,
and crowding about me were many smaller creatures, mur-
muring, “Prepare to have revealed to you your present, past
and future.”
No less than a second later, I found myself sitting up in
bed, rubbing my eyes and arousing my room-mate by say-
ing, “Do wake up, I am dreadfully frightened, I have had a
hideous dream.
The rest of the night I spent in consoling myself that it
was only a dream. But the following day, when I went to
my examination, and Lo! Prove that—~“In an isosceles
trapezoid each base makes equal angles with the legs.”
“Come with me,” came vividly before me. I shuddered,
then laughed, at such folly. But though it was hideous to
me then, it has proven my only means of memorizing any of
the terms of Geometry, I2
SOPHOMORE OFFICERS.
Some facts of the Sophomores I must relate,
Mary johnson, our President, ﬁrst I must take,
Mary is alright, but very quiet.
And so very fastidious about her diet.
Edith Watsoii, our Vice-President next,
She's always preaching, but without a text.
Mamie Hunter, the Secretary, I am sorry to tell,
To get to the ball games her books she would sell.
Gladys Heard, our Treasurer, it’s sad to say,
Misses her French lesson almost each day.
Next in line our editors too,
The staff without them could have nothing new.
Last, but not least, is our Captain of ball,
The little, but not loud and very tall.
—-Donnie D. Dillard.
' THE PARDON.
Edith Watson.
It was the close of a day in the latter part of December.
The Governor sat alone in his private oﬁice. His clerk
has just left him.
This time of the year was-a very busy one for him, as
he always chose this season to look into all the criminal rec-
ords. Sometimes he found one, whom he could pardon; then
he was always happy. When questioned as to his choice of
this season, he would say, “Oh! people are naturally tender
and full of good will.”
This report had reached the prisons and the prisoners
knew when to send their petitions. Tonight, as he looked
at the piles of mail, he turned away with a groan. But he
caught a glimpse of an envelop; it was addressed in such
ﬁne handwriting that curiosity impelled him to open it. Re-
quests of this kind were usually written on soiled paper and
not spelled correctly. Here it what he read:
Dear Governor :—
One bright morning about ﬁve years ago, I left my home
as bright and happy as any one. I was to take Hildegarde
Calhoun to the State Fair, which was being held. Now, I
was not the only admirer of this pretty girl, but there was
another, my best friend. It seems that she had half way
promised that she would go With him, t00-
But she shunned him and we were together all day. We
spent the day very pleasantly, and toward dusk we went
to the depot. _
When we got there, this rival was waiting; immediately
he began to use the most Pmfane language’ Saying that
Is

