New hina
Cover Figuring work points and village accounts after T
harvest in Zhongshe. (Photo: D. Louie)
4 USCPFA News
Health Care for 8oo Million People
Helen Zia
A report on medical care in a socialist society
New Uses for Ancient Herbs
Gertrude Copperman with Reuben Copperman
An American doctor’s search for a patienfs cure leads her to China
Friendship Has A History:
Ida Pruitt
Politics: Reports on Recent Developments
Philip C. Huang, Carma Hinton, Jane Wheeler, William Hinton
New Constitution
Women
Initiative from Mao Tsetung
25 o Cousins
David Louie
A Chinese-American visits his grandparents’ village
Chou En-lai
Part 2 of an exclusive interview
Kenny’s China Diary
Kenneth Michael Goldstein
An eight-year-old records his impressions of China
One China: Taiwan and U.S.-China Relations
China and Taiwan Island: A Chronology
Performing Arts Tour from the Pe0ple’s Republic Cancelled
Senator Mansfield Urges Implementation of Shanghai Communique
Uprising Celebrated
Is There Religion in China?
Donald E. Maclnnis
A former missionary talks about religion and morality
Is the Human Race Gonna Make It?
Ronni Sandroff
Shirley MacLaine’s sharp reactions to China
40 Question <59’ Answer: Han Suyin
Books: Chen Chi’s Sketchbook and
China’s Voice in the United Nations
42 Films: The Other Half of the Sky
44 Letters
47 USCPFA Statement of Principles and USCPFA Addresses
@ 1975 by the US-China Peoples Friendship Association. All rights
reserved. Published quarterly. Yearly subscription rates—domestic, $4;
CHINA PAPERBACKS FROM
MONTHLY REVIEW PRESS
Cultural Revolution and Industrial Organ-
ization in China: Changes in Management
and the Division of Labor by Charles
Bettelheim. Based on first-hand observa-
tions, Bettelheim examines the planning
system at all levels and compares the
division of labor in China with other
countries. $2.95
Hundred Day War: The Cultural Revolu-
tion at Tsinghua University by William
Hinton. This account examines the com-
plex and many-sided aspects of the Red
Guard movement and the struggles
within Tsinghua University. $4.50
The Chinese Road to Socialism-by E.L.
Wheelwright and Bruce McFarlane. The
most important book on the economic
aspects of the Cultural Revolu-
tion. $3.95
Daily Life in Revolutionary China by
Maria Antonietta l\/lacciocchi. “The
author has the talent of a great reporter,
and observes with precision that permits
us to plunge into the Chinese reality."—
Paris Normande. $5.95
Turning Point in China by William
Hinton. An analysis of the Cultural
Revolution in terms of the struggle for
power between contending social inter-
ests. $1.75
Away With All Pests: An English Sur-
geon in People's China, 1954-1969 by
Joshua S. Horn. A fascinating account of
the organization of medical resources
which reflects the strength and vigor of
the Chinese people. $2.45
The Scalpel, the Sword: The Story of
Dr. Norman Bethune by Ted Allen and
Sydney Gordon. The story of a man
dedicated to doing medical work for the
Revolution and whose ideas on the prac-
tice of medicine are particularly relevant
today. $4.95
I
Also
I
Subscribe now to
MONTHLY REVIEW
renowned as the most important maga-
zine of Marxism and Marxist economics
in the English language. It's coverage of
revolutionary China has been particu-
larly important in the last few years.
$9 one year ($7 student) /$16 two years
Name 
Addre§ 
City State Zip
62 West 14th Street
foreign, $5; institutional, $8. New China, 41 Union Square West, Room 631, New York’ N_Y_ 10011
New York, N.Y. rooo3. Application to mail at second-class postage rates
is pending at New York, N.Y.
New China 3

