knowledge. It is true, too, that the larger the number of
students, the wider the prospect of a general diffusion of
that \\"hic‘h colleges give. Each fact is a force, each truth a
leaveuing power. and each intelligent mind a channel for the
distribution of both. The more channels supplied the wider
and more beneﬁcial the spread of knowledge and truth. Ev-
ery college, as the source of the outflow, is blessed; every
mind through which the stream tlows becomes a blossom-
ing and fruitful region, multiplying blessings to the com-
muuity that is within its circle of influence. There are no
measurements to tell how inﬁnitely more the college-bred
girl can be in the life of those of her own home and of those
in the circle where she lives. A college education is never a
hindrance, but a help. It should be urged upon every girl, if
only for the home she now has, and the home that yet may
be her own. For the dear duties We owe our parents and
homes, our training cannot be too ‘thorough, or our heart
preparation too tender and warm.
What a treasure a college training can make of us, if
we only will, in training our faculties for the best and high-
est. in developing our judgment, giving us the power of
adopting means to ends. With the higher training we learn
to think more deeply; to marshal all our mental forces, and
how to apply our knowledge. It helps us to wring victory
from defeat and make stepping-stones to greater achieve-
ment of our stumbling blocks.
It is one of our ﬁrst duties to have a ﬁnished education
because the time demands people of brains and true worth.
\\"e Americans must be ﬁrst in all that is great, and good,
and beautiful, and eminence in anything is attained Only by
years of studious preparation.
To recognize opportunities when they come, to make the
highest use of it when it is not to be recognized at the mo-
ment, moves constant enrichment and the higher education
of the whole nature.
“Be strong! VVe are not here to play, to dream, to drift.
\Ve have work to do, and loads to lift. Shun not the strug-
gle——face it; ’tis God’s gift.”
A SOPHOMORE’S VALENTINE.
“Heart of hearts by night and day,
All my hopes have set thy way,
Love’s sweet lesson thou hast taught;
Knit to thine is every thought.
Close to thee my life has grown;
I am thine and thine alone.”
-—-Donnie D. Dillard.
20
v
l
9
ti
i
-/.  ‘C
TRAVELS OF A DIME.
Cora White.
“Oh! if I can’t be more than a mere drummer boy, I
won’t be anything,” I overheard a youth say to a young oﬁi-
cer, in reply to a question asked him concerning an oﬁice.
“If I can’t be more than a mere drummer boy, I won’t be
anything.” I repeated this time and time again.
Poor boy, he did not know that it took small things to
make large ones, did not realize that the small deeds he
commits ﬁt him for the higher duties of life. Here I am, a
poor dime, only worth very little by myself, yet there is
none so proud as I; because, looking into the future, I see
nothing before me but a long and useful journey around the
world, each day taking only a small part in affairs, yet help-
ing to leave prosperity everywhere I go. Now, if you will
just listen, I will relate my travels, as best I can, and let
you see for yourself the power a poor dime like myself has,
and the good he can do, be it ever so small.
I had been in a state of unconscious nerves; for the con-
fusion of being made had proved too much for me. It was
a very bewildered little bit of silver that I was when I found
myself in a stack of similar shiny brothers. I learned in a
little while that we were called ‘Dimes’ We were sent to
a bank where we remained a few days, and were then
handed to a very kind faced, but business-like man. That
night I, along with some relatives, was given over to a work-
ing man, as pay for his day’s labor. He put nie in a small,
worn purse and carried me to his home. As soon as he
reached home, he opened a small wooden box and
let me fall in with a few other coins, saved -each
week. I almost knew that every bone in my body
was broken and began to cry when my neighbors
scolded at me and told me not to be so silly. My new home
was not altogether bad, as we were not at all crowded, and
my neighbors were, on the whole, sensible people.
But I was young and liked changes. So I had begun
to wonder how much longer I would have to stay, when one
Saturday, a farmer passed by with a load of vegetables to
sell. I was given to him in payment for some tomatoes.
Down into his pocket I went, and since that time my prayer
has been, “Keep me from the pocket of a farmer.” During
the whole time I lived at the farm, I stayed in that one pocket
with pipes, tobacco, strings and various other disagreeable
articles. I tried my best to escape, but every time I tried
to slip out of a hole, it seemed that the hole grew smaller,
in order to keep me a prisoner.
At last, one day, and I thought it was the happiest day
21

