caught her in her arms and exclaimed, “Bress mah lif’ honey,
if _vah aint a done growned up young lady, and ole Sally’s
chileis cum back to stay wit’ her now, ain’t she P”
How proud old Colonel Darwin was of his pretty young
daughter. She grew more and more like her mother every
day and this made her dearer to her father’s heart. Now she
would grace the old mansion with her presence and would be
the mistress of his home.
The very first night after her arrival, Marion asked per-
mission to call, and she, of course, gave her consent. He
was ushered into the drawing room by Kate, Hilda’s little
black maid, and told that Miss Hilda would be there in a
short while.
In a few moments she came, and a perfect picture she
made as she stood for an instant, before the oaken door-
way. She was dressed in a gown of rich brocade, and her
fair young face beamed with the happiness of youth.
“My dearest Hilda!” Marion said, as he tenderly kissed
her, “and you have come back again to me, your sweet-
heart of childhood days!”
Such good times they had together now! In the morn-
ings they had delightful walks through the meadows, spark-
ling with dew, and, as in the days of long ago, he gathered
for her some of the ﬁ_owers she loved so well. In the after-
noons they would sit on the brow of some hill and watch
the sun go down behind the trees, then, in the twilight, they
walked, hand in hand, slowly homewards.
And so in this realm of happiness, in this dream-world,
where no one, but they, could enter, they lived. They were
engaged now and how happily did thy make their plans for
the future.
But then —— there came the sorrow, as a blot upon
their pure young lives.
The war was coming on and Marion was made ﬁrst
lieutenant of the Southern forces. Of course, he could not
now see Hilda, for the duties of the army claimed his at-
tention. For a long time he saw nothing of her. And then
he moved his forces in their winter quarters at a little place
near the Darwin estate.
One day while Hilda was taking a little stroll through
the woods she saw Marion for the ﬁrst time since they had
parted, about three months ago. She saw that he had, in his
hand, a letter and as he came to an old oak tree he put it
in a hole at its base. He motioned for her to get it and
then went away. Upon opening the letter, she read how
Marion was to come every evening and put a letter for her
to
‘T
\&
i
and she was to come in the morning and get her note and
leave one in the tree for him.
This was kept up for about a month, but, one day, Ma-
rion went to the tree for his letter, but, to his surprise, found
none. VVhat could be the matter? Had his sweetheart, who
had always stood by him, proven untrue. He left his letter_
which he had written for her and walked away with a heavy
heart. No more did he take any interest in his army affairs,
and his soldiers wondered what could be the matter with
their handsome young leader, always so bright and jolly.
The next morning Hilda went" to the old oak for her
letter but where was it? \/V35 I\Ia1'i0n Uﬂifllﬁ? She dld
not leave her letter, but went away, her soft brown eyes
ﬁlled with tears.
Old Aunt Sally could not imagine what was the matter
with “lil' mistus,” but promptly tucked her up in bed. Hilda
would cat nothing, and for several days she would say as
little as possible, remaining, most of the time in a troubled
sleep. _
Marion came, time after time, to the‘ old tree, 11OP111g that
he would ﬁnd a letter there, but, '—" 1" "am- He» _at last’
became so reckless that he cared not Whether he llved '31’
died. _
At the very next battle, he bravely led his men t0 the
front Across the battleﬁeld, the shots and shell were
screaming. Then he heard some one exclaim, “See, the ﬂag
is down!” ' _
_ Marion looked and saw the ﬂag of his country falling.
Thinking only of Hilda, he thrust himself forward, rescued
the ﬂag, but received mortal wounds. They removed him,
bleeding and suffering, to the rear. As the little C1‘0Wd 1361“
anxiously over him, they saw that the young life was fast
ebbing away. His dark hair was brushed slightly back from
his fofehead which gradually grew icy cold. T116“ hi5 beau‘
tifu1 gray eyes opened, and, as he looked~into the“faces of
those watching over him, he faintly whispered, H11-da.
The long black lashes fell again, the gray eyes closed for-»
ever, and the brave young life was ended.
When Hilda heard of his death, she grew rapidly worse
and worse.. The doctor could do nothing for her, and even
old Aunt Sally could not comfort her. In this condition she
remained for three months, the doctor and her faithful old
nurse, watching over her all the time. And then there came
a change for the better. She gradually grew stronger and
stronger. But never again was she the same, rosy-cheeked.
light-hearted girl, that she was before the death of her young
II

