he thought.he would see if the children really understood
him. “Now,” he said, “can anyone tell me what a lie is?”
Immediately Bernice’s hand went up. “Well, my little girl.”
“A lie is an abomination unto everyone, but a very pleasant
help in time of trouble l”
Lula Carter comes next, our class artist. Plains is her
home and birthplace. Lula has always differed with Web-
ster in Orthography. One day she came home from school
crying. On being asked the cause she said she had spelled
pneumonia n-e-u-m-0-n-i-a and the teacher had kept her in.
On the next clay Lula came home crying harder than before.
She told her mother she spelled neuralgia p-n-e-u-r-a-l-g-i-a
and the teacher had kept her in again. Lula seems deter-
mined to learn to spell by the dictionary, because she is now
taking spelling with the Preps,
College Park contributes two of our number, one of
whom is Mayrie Cook. She has grown to be a Sophomore
from a Prep. Mayrie has always been an aggressive seeker
after knowledge, speaking boldly when she agreed or disa-
greed with the author of the text. She once made the state-
ment that “Franklin discovered electrictiy and invented
lightning.”
Flora Cox comes next, alphabetically. To be frank, I
know too much about this girl to tell anything. She comes
to “Cox” from Southern College in Florida. Flora is deeply
devoted to the “elocutionary” art. To this statement her
adjoining room-mates can testify, and Miss Watkins can
testify too, how well she can practice a dialogue during
study hours.
Reata Chapman and Beulah Davidson are, and have been,
always together. Therefore their histories run in the same
channel. They joined us in the Sub-Fresh year and have, by
their faithfulness, proved themselves worthy members of the
Sophomore class.
Donnie Dillard is the undisputed poet of this body. She
is our class poet and her ability as a poetizer is of marked
superiority. It is shown by the Prophecy of this magazine,
that she bears a close relationship to the heavenly muse. She
comes to join us from Huntsville.
Gladys Heard is one of our girls who lives in Vienna.
Latin is her favorite study—she differs in this point from the
most of us. When Gladys was very small she had a habit
of eating all the soft portions of her toast and piling the
crusts on her plate. Once her mother thought that speaking
to her would cause her to eat the crust. “When I was a lit-
tle girl,” said her mother, “I always ate the crusts of my
toast.” “Did you like them?" asked Gladys. “Yes,” replied
4
her mother.” “Well, then, you may have these.” said Gladys
pushing her plate across the table.
Greenville claims the birthplace of Janie Hill. Although
Sophomore special, she has borne our name since Septem-
ber; hence she deserves a name in our History. Two of our
nurn_ber claim that they had no childhood; so we guess they
“jes growed.” Janie is one of the two. She is the joke ed-
itor for the Sophomores.
The city of Madison claims the birthplace and abiding
place of Mamie Hunter. She came to “Cox” last fall and
knocked at the Sophomore’s door for admittance and gained
it. We always see Mamie laughing and looking on the
bright side of life. The other day someone asked her how
she managed to look so hale and happy‘. She replied; “Ev-
ery time I sit down to worry I fall asleep and dream.” Ma-
mie is an editor of the Arcade and Secretary of our class.
Mary Johnson is one of our number who enjoyed the
Sweets (P) of the Freshman. She was born in Thomson,
but moved to Sparta when she was very small and has lived
there ever since. Mary is a regular George V\/ashington in
her truthfulness. When she was about ﬁve she went to her
aunt and asked if anyone ever got punished for telling the
truth. VVhen her aunt said no, Mary said; “\/Veil, I ate the
other two tarts in the pantry and I thought I had better tell
you.” Mary is president of the Sophomores.
Well, what about Sally Mobley? She is from Vienna,
and has come along the pathway of life with Gladys. Sally
is an unusually “smart” girl, for one of the teachers took me
aside and asked me about it; teachers are good judges. This
past Christmas Sally and Gladys went to a church wedding.
V\/hen the bride started up the aisle Gladys said; “Look,
Sally, the bride is coming.” Sally looked- around and said,
as if disappointed; “V\-’hy Gladys, it’s nothing but a woman.”
Sall is numbered among our rhymers.
Dublin is represented by Schellie Prince. Schellie was
one of the last to join our class. She has no special fond-
ness for Geometry and declares that it would drive her to
matrimony to study it another year.
Hawkinsville contributes one to our number, Allie Par-
rish. Her stay here at “Cox” has been about the same as
Bernice Brooks. Allie has always been an honor to our class.
Allee Little is another who joins us this year. She
comes from the town of Crawford, which is her continual
praise. Allee’s diminutive rise has ever been a source of
annoyance to her; at one place where she started to school,
she was consigned to the chart department, but she gravi-
tated to her proper place before night.
5

