Hildegarde was his. Then, being drunk, he tried to put his
arm around her. I drew my pistol, and before I realized
what I was doing, he fell backwards with a blood-curdling
scream. Hildegarde rushed away as one stupiﬁed. I was
taken by ﬁhe police.
I found out that Henry died and I would beiheld for
my life. After a few months. the trial came. I was not ill
at ease. for I did not care whether I lived or died. The trial
began; I was convicted and got twenty years in the peniten-
tiary for manslaughter, But I still had hopes of I-Iildegarde’s
love: so I asked that I might be allowed to see her alone
for a few minutes. She entered my cell and I asked the
guard to withdraw. “My dear girl, I know that you love
me, even if I am in the depths of degradation. And Hilde-
garde, won't you love me until I am released? You realize
that I did it all for you?”
“Yes,” she said, “I will, but how can I promise you
when I know how opposed father will be to it?” “Dear,
you will be my wife?” VVith a sob, as soft as a sigh of the
wind. .she ran into my arms, all trembling, but I knew what
it meant.
Now, Governor, with a story like this, and a sweet little
girl waiting patiently for me, can’t you, won’t you, pardon
me? If you only will, you will have the lasting gratitude of
Wilbur Johnson.
\Vhen the Governor left the window there was a look
on ‘his face, that few had ever seen there, except his wife.
Bringing his chair to the grate, he propped his feet on the
mantle. His heart went back to the time when he, too had
been young and in love with the girl, who was now his wife.
He reasoned it out, putting himself in the prisoner’s place.
“How would I like to be there for protecting the girl whom
I love ?”
He went over to the table and wrote out the pardon;
then rang a bell for the porter to come and take it. He then
went home happy, feeling that he had made one in the whole
world so happy. .
The next day, which was New Year’s Eve, Wilbur sent
up to ask an interview with the Governor. I-Ie was ushered
into the private office. “Governor, how can I thank you for
this? It shall be the prayer of my life that your life may be
a long and happy one.”
“Go home, my boy, and live your life over. And you
have my best wishes.”
V\/ilbur hastened to the depot and found a train just
ready to leave for his home. He boarded it and soon was
going there as fast as it could take him. He got off and
14
started directly for Hildegarde’s home. But the sight that
met his eyes was a marriage ceremony, Hildegarde Mon
Dieu; and his own brother.
With a sick heart he turned away, “Oh, cruel, cruel
world; I wish that I were in jail. I would rather be dead
than to see Hildegarde true to another. How cruel! How
heartless, and how unprincipled!” And the very wind seemed
to whisper, “Love, be true.”
CLASS YELLS.
Specials, juniors, Freshmen are bum,
Sophomore is the class for fun.
23 for Fresh.
If the Seniors e’er should need a friend,
They will ﬁnd one in the “I910.”
Sophomores-—Sophom0res,
Ho—ha—I-Iey,
Sophomores—Sophomores,
VVe’re O. K.
What’s the matter with the Sophomores,
Who—ho—hey, _
They’re O. K.
Sophon1ores——Sophomores,
Who——ho—hey.
Rick—a——chick—a—boom
Rick-a—chick—-a—boom
Boom, Boom, Ba,
Sophomores—Sophomores,
Rah! Rah! Rah!
STUDYING FOR EXAMINATIONS.
Gladys Heard.
“Oh! Sallie, I must get to studying for that examina-
tion in literature. V\/here does it begin? Didn’t he say be-
gin with Iames Fennimore Cooper? Alright, now don’t talk
to me for I am going to study. It is now 3 :30.”
Sallie walked out of the room and left me, but was
scarcely down the steps when Donnie rushed in and said,
“Gladys, come on; it is our time to go to ride in the auto-
mobile. Hurry up, Mr. Will is waiting.”
“Donnie, I certainly do wish I could, but I have just be-
gun studying for that examination tomorrow, and I jl1i5'¢
can’t go.”
IS

